AdvertisementSupported byMcCarthy on Green Bay Firing: 'It Stunned Me'By ReutersApril 3, 2019Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike McCarthy was surprised to be fired before the end of the 2018 season.McCarthy addressed the situation in his first sit-down interview since the Packers fired him Dec. 2"If we missed the playoffs, I expected change might happen," McCarthy told ESPN in the conversation four months after his dismissal. "But the timing surprised me. Actually it stunned me. But time provides the opportunity for reflection and clarity, and that's where I'm at now. And it's clear to me now that both sides needed a change."McCarthy was fired immediately after his team's 20-17 home loss to the Arizona Cardinals. He was in his 13th season with the Packers, which included a Super Bowl victory in 2011."It couldn't have been handled any worse. Anytime you lose a close game, it's a difficult time emotionally afterward, but when you lose a home game at Lambeau Field in December, it's really hard," McCarthy said of the loss, which moved the Packers to 4-7-1 on the season. "And that hasn't happened very often. I walked out of my press conference, and I'm thinking about the game, thinking about how our playoff shot was now minimal. That's where my head was at. And when I was told (team president) Mark Murphy wanted to see me -- and the messenger was cold and the energy was bad. Mark said it was an ugly loss, and it was time to make change. He said something about the offense and the special teams, and he didn't think it was going to get any better. There was no emotion to it. That was hard."McCarthy, 55, said he has spent the past four months "shifting from humiliation to reflection" but was buoyed by the support he received."When we won the Super Bowl, I received over 200 texts. That week, I had over 500. I got more than twice as many messages for getting fired than I did when I won the damn Super Bowl. It's remarkable," he said.McCarthy's record with the Packers was 125-77.--Field Level MediaAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byAugusta National Opens Doors to Women-At Least for One DayBy ReutersApril 3, 2019(Reuters) - When the fight for gender equality in golf is chronicled Augusta National will not be the key battle but it will be remembered as a provocative flashpoint and the site of another small victory this week when the club hosts a women's tournament.When the golfers tee it up for the final round of the Augusta National Women's Amateur on Saturday they will take a shot at one of sport's symbols of gender segregation, playing on a course that seven years ago did not even allow female members.Once the sanctuary of some of the world's most powerful men and home to the revered Masters tournament, Augusta National Golf Club for decades remained unmoved by outside influences.Former Augusta chairman William "Hootie" Johnson in 2003 declared the club would not be forced into a decision on women members "at the point of a bayonet".Nearly a decade later in 2012, in the face of mounting pressure, the club opened its doors with former U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and financier Darla Moore becoming the first women to don the iconic green jackets that distinguish members and Masters champions.While the word historic has been attached to the inaugural Augusta National Women's Amateur, Martha Burk, an activist who was on the frontline in the fight to get women into the club, has labeled it a public relations stunt.Burk thrust the secretive club into the unwanted global spotlight in 2003 when the then chair of the National Council of Women's Organizations staged a protest.While the demonstration fizzled, Burk's determination did not as she and her group mounted a campaign asking consumers to boycott Masters sponsors and companies whose CEOs were members of Augusta National.That pressure along with lawsuits, Burk says, eventually opened the doors at Augusta National to women in 2012.But since then, she believes there has been remarkably little progress and that it will take another 200 years for Augusta National membership to come close to being evenly split between men and women."I see it (Augusta National Women's Amateur) as a baby step, I wouldn't even go as far as to say small step," Burk told Reuters. "There's more to it than that, it is a big PR deal."Let's call it what it is, they are trying to give the illusion of progress."It is still boys club."TRADITIONNo green jacket awaits the winner of the Augusta National Women's Amateur and only the final round of the 54 hole tournament will be played at Augusta on Saturday, the first two rounds set for Wednesday and Thursday at Champions Retreat Golf Club in nearby Evans.But tradition is the cornerstone of Augusta National's brand and the club will honor it when the women visit.Players will arrive by driving up leafy Magnolia Lane and just like the Masters there will be a ceremonial tee shot with LPGA greats Nancy Lopez, Seri Pak, Lorena Ochoa taking the honors.The trophy presentation will also adhere to Masters tradition, a silver and gold Tiffany-designed cup on a magnolia base of made of wood taken from a magnolia tree at Augusta National, presented to the winner at the Butler Cabin."I think women have always sought the big spotlight," said Paige MacKenzie, a former-top ranked amateur who will be part of NBC's coverage of the final round, during a conference call. "They want the center court at Wimbledon, they want the main stage and now they have it."There are people within Augusta National that believe that women are worthy of this stage and have bought into what this event could be."The logical next step would be playing all three rounds at Augusta but many have bigger dreams, including a women's Masters."Things at Augusta don't happen very rapidly," said Kay Cockerill, a two-time U.S. Women's Amateur champion who will also be part of NBC's coverage team. "They're sort of a slow-moving wheel, and the wheel is moving."You have to start somewhere. "I don't know if you have to have a women's Masters but I'd like to pipe dream and think that would be the ultimate end point." (Editing by Christian Radnedge)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byVirginia Tech Coach Buzz Williams Taking Texas A&M JobBy The Associated PressApril 3, 2019Texas A&M hired Virginia Tech coach Buzz Williams on Wednesday, luring him back to his home state to try to turn the Aggies into a basketball power."The Buzz is Back," Texas A&M tweeted from its official team account.Virginia Tech was 100-69 during Williams' five-year tenure and went to four postseason tournaments, including a program-record three consecutive NCAA Tournaments, with this year's run ending in the Sweet 16.At Texas A&M, he takes over a program struggling to consistently compete at the top of the SEC."We kept our focus on finding an elite basketball coach, a developer of talent, a tremendous recruiter, a tireless worker and someone who fits Texas A&M. Buzz Williams is all that and more," Texas A&M athletic director Scott Woodward said. "I have no doubt that Buzz will take our basketball program further than ever before and will make Aggies everywhere proud."The school fired coach Billy Kennedy after the Aggies finished 14-18 and 11th in the SEC this season.The Aggies reached the NCAA Tournament in just two seasons under Kennedy, reaching the Sweet 16 in 2016 and last season. His best regular season was in 2015-16 when the Aggies went 28-9, one of three seasons where he won more than 20 games at Texas A&M.Williams was a Texas A&M assistant and recruiting coordinator under coach Billy Gillispie from 2004-2006. That staff took the Aggies to their first NCAA Tournament appearance in 25 years in 2006.At Virginia Tech, Williams took over a program that had finished last in the ACC for four straight seasons. Before his first season, the Hokies lost five players who transferred, then a sixth during the season when he was suspended indefinitely by Williams. What followed was steady improvement: This season, the Hokies set a program record with 26 victories after Williams suspended his most athletic player, Chris Clarke, before the season.Off the court, Williams also established two scholarship endowments for students with disabilities and female athletes who are the first in their family to attend college. Virginia Tech athletic director Whit Babcock lauded Williams for making "a very positive impact on the culture of our basketball program at Virginia Tech."Williams' return to College Station puts him close to Dallas and Houston, which regularly produce top recruits, and he joins an athletic department Woodward is pushing for championships.In 2017, the school hired national championship-winning football coach Jimbo Fisher from Florida State and gave him a 10-year, $75 million contract. Terms of Williams' deal with A&M were not immediately released.Williams will be introduced as the Aggies' coach at a Thursday afternoon rally and news conference."I am so humbled and honored to return home to Texas A&M, and proud to lead the Aggies," Williams said. "This is our home, and we are ready to join with the 12th Man to win championships, graduate our players and represent this world-class university with integrity."___AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byTexas A&M Lands Va. Tech's Buzz WilliamsBy ReutersApril 3, 2019Buzz Williams will be introduced as the new head coach at Texas A&M on Wednesday.Williams informed players at Virginia Tech he was moving on and accepted an offer to relocate to College Station as head coach of the Aggies.Williams was scheduled to earn $3 million next season at Virginia Tech and has a contract buyout of $750,000 for the 2019-20 season.Billy Kennedy was fired March 15 at the end of his eighth season with the Aggies, who went 14-18 overall and 6-12 in the SEC in 2018-19. The 11th-place league finish came on the heels of a 22-win season a year earlier, when the Aggies earned their second NCAA Tournament appearance in Kennedy's tenure.Virginia Tech's season ended last week with a 75-73 loss to Duke in the East Region semifinals. The Hokies finished 26-9, giving Williams a 100-69 record in five seasons in Blacksburg, Va.Williams, 46, has led the Hokies to three straight NCAA Tournament berths.A native Texan, he coached at New Orleans (2006-07) before moving on to Marquette, where he spent six seasons. Five of them ended in the NCAA Tournament.Overall, his coaching record is 253-155.--Field Level MediaAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byJuve's Kean Says His Goal Celebration Was Best Response to AbuseBy ReutersApril 3, 2019(Reuters) - Juventus forward Moise Kean has stood by his goal celebration, saying it was the best way to answer racism, after some blamed it for the 19-year-old suffering alleged racist abuse in Tuesday's Serie A match at Cagliari.Meanwhile, European football's anti-discrimination watchdog FARE described racism in football as the "Italian epidemic" and said there had been an alarming rise in incidents.Kean, who had been jeered throughout the game, turned in Rodrigo Bentancur’s cross with five minutes left to complete a 2-0 win for runaway Serie A leaders Juve and then stood in front of the Cagliari fans behind the goal and opened his arms.In response, Cagliari’s supporters made the noise which is described in Italy as "buu" and is regarded as a racist insult, although some fans argue it is simply to annoy opposing players regardless of race.Kean later posted a picture of the celebration with the message: "The best way to respond to racism" while his team mate, France midfielder Blaise Matuidi, posted the same picture with the message: "Black and White. #notoracism."There was no official comment on Wednesday from either club.Serie A's disciplinary committee is likely to deal with the incidents on Friday, once the entire match day has been completed.Immediately after the game, Juventus defender Leonardo Bonucci said that Kean was partly to blame for the incidents, for not celebrating with his team mates. On Thursday, Bonucci posted a photograph of himself and Kean playing for Italy on Instagram with the caption: "Regardless of everything in any case... no to racism."Cagliari president Tommaso Giulini denied the crowd had been racist, saying he heard "mostly boos" and that the Cagliari fans would have reacted the same way if "any other player" had performed a similar celebration.Under the heading "Italian epidemic", FARE published a statement on Twitter which read: "Our message to Italian football on the alarming rise in racist incidents is simple. Enough is enough."Former Barcelona and Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure said it was unbelievable that such incidents could happen in 2019."The team mate... saying to the player you should not have done that. It's a disgrace. People need to take this seriously. I was shocked when I saw it," the Ivorian told the Equal Game conference in London.England forward Raheem Sterling, targeted during a 5-1 Euro 2020 qualifying win in Montenegro last week, posted Bonucci's comment on Instagram and said: "All you can do now is laugh."In December, Inter Milan were ordered to play two home games behind closed doors after Napoli defender Kalidou Koulibaly was racially insulted during a game at San Siro.In 2017, Ghanaian player Sulley Muntari was booked and sent off after complaining about racist abuse while playing for Pescara, also at Cagliari.Matuidi also complained that he suffered racist abuse in another game at Cagliari last season. The Sardinian club later apologised. (Additonal reporting by Martyn Herman and Christian Radnedge; Writing by Brian Homewood; Editing by Ken Ferris and Pritha Sarkar)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byNBA Roundup: Westbrook's Historic 20-20-20 Carries ThunderBy ReutersApril 3, 2019Russell Westbrook had 20 points, 20 rebounds and 21 assists to lead the Oklahoma City Thunder to a 119-103 home win over the Los Angeles Lakers on Tuesday night.It was just the second time in league history a player had at least 20 points, 20 rebounds and 20 assists in a game. Wilt Chamberlain had 22 points, 25 rebounds and 21 assists in a 1968 game.Westbrook finished off the feat in the final minute, nabbing Lance Stephenson's miss with 41 seconds left, drawing a large ovation from the crowd.He clinched the triple-double -- his 31st of the season -- with 4:38 left in the third quarter, hitting a contested jumper.Warriors 116, Nuggets 102Golden State took a big step toward securing the top seed in the Western Conference, overcoming the ejection of Kevin Durant to crush Denver in Oakland, Calif.The win gave the Warriors (53-24) a two-game lead over the Nuggets (51-26) with just five to play. The Warriors also earned a potential tiebreaker by virtue of their third straight win over the Nuggets after an October defeat, claiming the season series 3-1.In a marquee matchup of big men, DeMarcus Cousins outplayed Nuggets star Nikola Jokic, contributing 28 points, 12 rebounds, five assists, two steals and two blocked shots, helping the Warriors to their fourth win in their last five games.Rockets 130, Kings 105James Harden recorded his 32nd double-double, and visiting Houston completed a sweep of its four-game season series with Sacramento.Harden paired 36 points on 12-of-19 shooting with 10 assists and sank 7 of 12 3-pointers for Houston (50-28), which led by as many as 30 points. The Rockets improved to 17-4 since the All-Star break to move a half-game ahead of Portland in pursuit of the third seed in the Western Conference.Eric Gordon added 19 points, Danuel House Jr. scored 19 off the bench, and P.J. Tucker chipped in 13 points, including a buzzer-beating 3-pointer that gave the Rockets a 62-46 lead at the intermission.Spurs 117, Hawks 111Derrick White and Marco Belinelli led a fourth-quarter surge as San Antonio rallied past visiting Atlanta.White, who hit 10 of his 12 shots, finished with 23 points, and DeMar DeRozan went for 29, as the Spurs (45-33) kept pace with Oklahoma City (45-33) in their duel for seventh place in the Western Conference.The Spurs trailed by as many as nine points in the fourth quarter before rallying into the lead during a stretch in which White scored seven straight points.--Field Level MediaAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byBabcock Names Rolls-Royce Director Ruth Cairnie as First Female ChairBy ReutersApril 3, 2019(Reuters) - Britain's Babcock International Group said Rolls-Royce non-executive director Ruth Cairnie would take over from outgoing chairman Mike Turner, becoming the first woman to hold the role at the engineering and defence services provider.Babcock, a key supplier to Britain's ministry of defence, said on Wednesday Cairnie will assume the role on Turner's retirement at the annual general meeting on July 18.Turner's resignation in January came amid a decline in Babcock's share price and company warnings that income from nuclear decommissioning would fall sharply.The incoming chair has 37 years of industry experience, which includes a non-executive director stint at jet engine giant Rolls-Royce since 2014 and nine years at Royal Dutch Shell. Babcock, which provides services ranging from the maintenance of nuclear submarines to aerial fire-fighting across Europe, has had to allay doubts about its financial health, management and its key customer relationships in recent months. The company has also been hit by Brexit uncertainties. In February, it warned that it would cost the company 10 million pounds a year in restructuring the business to safeguard its services in case Britain leaves the European Union without a trade deal.Cairnie is currently also the senior independent director of Associated British Foods and a non-executive director at ContourGlobal. (This story corrects headline and first paragraph to clarify that Ruth Cairnie does not hold executive role at Rolls Royce, she is a non-executive director) (Reporting by Justin George Varghese and Tanishaa Nadkar in Bengaluru; Editing by Bernard Orr)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byRugby: Letting Larkham Go Was Tough Decision but Change Was Needed-CheikaBy ReutersApril 3, 2019TOKYO — The decision to sack Australia attack coach Stephen Larkham in February was a tough one but it was a choice that had to be made if the Wallabies are to have a shot at winning this year's Rugby World Cup, head coach Michael Cheika has said.Larkham, who won the 1999 World Cup and played more than 100 times for the national side, had been part of Cheika’s staff since 2015. He took up a role with Rugby Australia after leaving the team.The Wallabies endured their worst test campaign in 60 years in 2018, winning just four of 13 tests and slumping to sixth in the world rankings."It's been very difficult, obviously," Cheika said on Wednesday at a Australia-Japan diplomacy event in Tokyo."But looking at some of the changes that I think we needed to make, on and off the field, going into this year to get the best possible outcome come November 2019, sometimes you have got to make those hard decisions."With the World Cup only five months away, Cheika said he would finalise his coaching staff after the Super Rugby season has ended.Cheika also said the Sept. 20 to Nov. 2 World Cup would be a unique tournament and teams would have to get used to playing in Japan."It is going to be an open World Cup for sure. I think not just because of the teams and how they have performed up until here but also because it is here," he said. "I think it is going to be very different, different atmosphere at the games and we are so looking forward to it."We have got a bit to do before then but the players – the lucky ones - can't wait to get on the plane."Australia reached the final of the 2015 World Cup in England, where they lost to New Zealand 34-17. (Editing by Peter Rutherford)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byPlayers Futures Not on the Line, Says ZidaneBy ReutersApril 3, 2019VALENCIA — Zinedine Zidane said his players were not playing for their futures at Real Madrid and leapt to the defence of struggling veteran Marcelo after his side succumbed to a 2-1 defeat away to a resurgent Valencia side on Wednesday. Real fell 13 points behind La Liga leaders Barcelona after their ninth league loss of the campaign -- the first since Zidane's return -- and are expected to shake up their squad significantly at the end of what has been a torrid season. The 33-times Spanish champions are 10 points clear of fourth-placed Getafe in the league and Zidane said performances in their last eight games would have no bearing on who stayed and who departed."This final stretch of games is no exam, we have to deal with bad moments like this but it is not going to change a thing," Zidane told a news conference."We were playing against a very good Valencia side who had a lot at stake, and perhaps that was the difference."Brazilian Marcelo has come in for heavy criticism this season, losing his place in the side to Sergio Reguilon before being brought back in by Zidane when the Frenchman took charge for his second spell as coach in March. The 30-year-old defender produced another shaky display against Valencia but Zidane spoke up for a player who played a key role in his trophy-laden first tenure."Marcelo is Marcelo and I like the way he plays," he said. "I think he is doing well, he is training hard and he is committed. He is not the only one who has had a difficult season." Real's hopes of winning a trophy this season were extinguished last month when they went out of the Champions League at the hands of Ajax Amsterdam and suffered successive defeats to Barcelona in the league and the Copa del Rey.Zidane conceded it was difficult for the players to remain focused for the remainder of the campaign but urged them to get back on track for Saturday's game at home to Eibar."We are at a very difficult moment in what has been a very difficult season, we are losing concentration and it's tough for everyone," Zidane added."Right now all I can say is I'm right behind my players and they're going to keep fighting until the end. A lot will be said in these next two months but we're going to finish well and look forward to next season." (Reporting by Richard Martin, editing by Nick Mulvenney)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byAustralian Rules: Women's MVP Phillips Tells Doubters to 'Stick It'By ReutersApril 3, 2019MELBOURNE — After dominating the Australian Football League Women's tournament to claim its most valuable player award on Tuesday, Erin Phillips won further acclaim by hitting out at chauvinist doubters in a memorable acceptance speech. The Olympic basketball silver medallist-turned-Australian Rules footballer won her second 'Best and Fairest' award, two days after leading the Adelaide Crows to the AFLW title in Sunday's 'Grand Final'.The 33-year-old, whose wife is pregnant with their third child, polled 19 of a possible 21 votes through the two-month tournament to crush her nearest rivals in the award count.Phillips has Australian Rules football in her blood, with her father Greg having played over 300 games for Port Adelaide in South Australia state's professional competition before the team joined the national AFL in 1997.But unlike her dad, she earned nothing from the sport until the formation of the professional AFLW in 2017."I'm one of three girls," Phillips said in her speech."My Dad obviously played footy and when I was born, people felt sorry for him because he didn't have a son to play footy some day and carry the Phillips name."Dad, I know you're watching and Mum, I hope I've made you proud — and you can stick it up those people that said that to you."Phillips, who won a silver medal with the Australian women's basketball team at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, suffered a knee ligament injury in the second half of Sunday's Grand Final and faces the tough prospect of a second knee reconstruction.She conceded she may have played her final AFLW game."It's not fun. I'll be 34 next month and I think the bigger picture is figuring out how to chase three kids soon," she said."I'll rehab, I'll do everything I can. If I get back up and play, great, if not, I'll be pretty bloody happy to finish on that note." (Reporting by Ian Ransom; Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byNFL Notebook: McCarthy Opens Up on Packers FiringBy ReutersApril 3, 2019Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike McCarthy was surprised to be fired before the end of the 2018 season.McCarthy addressed the situation in his first sit-down interview since the Packers fired him Dec. 2, which he said "couldn't have been handled any worse.""If we missed the playoffs, I expected change might happen," McCarthy told ESPN in the conversation four months after his dismissal. "But the timing surprised me. Actually it stunned me. But time provides the opportunity for reflection and clarity, and that's where I'm at now. And it's clear to me now that both sides needed a change."McCarthy was fired immediately after his team's 20-17 home loss to the Arizona Cardinals that left Green Bay 4-7-1. The Packers missed the postseason after finishing 6-9-1. McCarthy was in his 13th season with the Packers, which included a Super Bowl victory in 2011.--Recently retired receiver Jordy Nelson says he would consider playing in 2019 -- if Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers asks him to."It would probably be hard to say no," Nelson said during an appearance on "The Dan Patrick Show."Nelson, who turns 34 in May, announced his retirement last month after one season with the Oakland Raiders. He caught 63 passes for 739 yards and three touchdowns in 2018.--Prosecutors in Houston announced they are dismissing their case against defensive end Michael Bennett, who had been accused of shoving an elderly, wheelchair-bound NRG Stadium worker during Super Bowl LI."We dismissed this case in the interest of justice," said Vivian King, chief of staff of the Harris County District Attorney's Office. "After looking at all the evidence, this was the right thing to do."Bennett, now with the Patriots, had been facing a felony charge of injury to the elderly, punishable by up to 10 years in prison. The 6-foot-4, 275-pound lineman was accused of pushing and injuring a 66-year-old paraplegic woman as he tried to get onto the field to celebrate with his brother, former Patriots tight end Martellus Bennett, after New England defeated Atlanta on Feb. 5, 2017.--The wife of Detroit Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford announced she has been diagnosed with a brain tumor and will undergo surgery.Kelly Stafford said an MRI showed she has acoustic neuroma, which is a benign tumor, that is abutting her cranial nerves.She said she had been suffering from vertigo and experiencing other unusual symptoms and had the MRI performed on the advice of the Lions' team doctor.--The Raiders signed wideout Ryan Grant, adding the veteran to an overhauled position group that includes Antonio Brown, Tyrell Williams and J.J. Nelson.Grant, 28, caught 35 passes for 334 yards and one touchdown in 14 games last season with Indianapolis.He played the previous four seasons with Washington, who drafted him in the fifth round in 2014. In 64 games with the Redskins, Grant caught 84 passes for 985 yards and six touchdowns.--The Buffalo Bills announced the signing of veteran guard Quinton Spain to a one-year deal.Spain, 27, started 48 games for the Tennessee Titans over the past four seasons.Spain is the sixth new addition to Buffalo's offensive line this offseason, joining Spencer Long, Mitch Morse, Ty Nsekhe, Jon Feliciano and LaAdrian Waddle.--The Atlanta Falcons re-signed linebacker Kemal Ishmael and guard Adam Gettis to one-year contracts.Ishmael, who turns 28 in May, played 330 of his 394 total snaps last season on special teams. Gettis has not played in an NFL game since 2016, when he was with the New York Giants.--The Cleveland Browns re-signed tight end/fullback Orson Charles. Terms were not announced.Charles, 28, caught three passes for 23 yards in 13 games (two starts) for Cleveland last season.--The Giants released wideout/return specialist Quadree Henderson, ESPN reported.Henderson, 22, returned nine punts for 68 yards (7.6-yard average) and five kickoffs for 112 yards (22.4 average) in five games last season as an undrafted rookie out of Pittsburgh. He did not catch a pass.--Field Level MediaAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byIcardi Marks Return With Goal as Inter Milan Thrash GenoaBy ReutersApril 3, 2019(Reuters) - Mauro Icardi scored on his first Inter Milan appearance in almost two months to help his side extend their lead in third place with a 4-0 Serie A win away to 10-man Genoa on Wednesday. The Argentine had not featured since being stripped of the captaincy on Feb. 13 amid protracted contract renewal talks.Icardi initially said he could not play because of a knee problem, before returning to training last week after negotiations between his lawyer and the club.Roberto Gagliardini opened the scoring in the first half before Icardi won and converted a penalty after Genoa defender Cristian Romero was sent off.The former Inter captain then teed up Ivan Perisic for their third in the second half and Gagliardini scored his second of the night to complete the rout.The result leaves Inter four points clear of fourth-placed rivals AC Milan, while Genoa remain 12th on 33 points.Inter went in front after 15 minutes when Gagliardini arrived in the box to get on the end of Kwadwo Asamoah’s cross and guide a finish beyond goalkeeper Ionut Radu.Icardi then fired a shot off the post, before later in the first half he was pulled back by Romero inside the box as he turned to shoot.That resulted in a straight red card for the 20-year-old defender and a penalty to Inter which Icardi dispatched in composed fashion.The 26-year-old then turned creator for Inter’s third nine minutes after the restart, sliding a through ball into the path of Perisic who fired in a finish, before Gagliardini rose to meet a corner and head in his second of the night and his team's fourth. Other results also boosted Inter’s Champions League qualification hopes, as AS Roma were held to a 2-2 draw at home to Fiorentina and Lazio fell to a shock 1-0 defeat at relegation battling SPAL.Andrea Belotti’s double helped Torino beat Sampdoria 2-1, leaving Atalanta, Lazio, Roma and Torino level on 48 points in places fifth to eighth, eight points adrift of Inter although Atalanta and Lazio have a game in hand.At the other end of the table, second-bottom Frosinone scored a 103rd-minute penalty to secure a 3-2 win over Parma that moves them within eight points of safety, while SPAL’s victory moved them five points clear of the drop zone.Empoli shocked Napoli with a 2-1 victory in the early kickoff to move out of the relegation zone at Bologna’s expense, but Sinisa Mihajlovic’s side can return to 17th place with a win over Atalanta on Thursday. (Reporting by Alasdair Mackenzie; Editing by Toby Davis)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byMets 6, Marlins 5Mets Go Up Big, Then Sweat a Little in Win Over MarlinsImageWhile filling in for Pete Alonso on Tuesday, Dominic Smith of the Mets singled and scored in the first inning, then singled again in the seventh.CreditCreditSteve Mitchell/USA Today Sports, via ReutersBy Kevin ArmstrongApril 3, 2019MIAMI — Pete Alonso, the Mets’ precocious rookie first baseman, needed some rest. Against the Miami Marlins, the Mets barely skipped a beat.In Alonso’s place, Dominic Smith made his first start of the season and showed right away that his well-chronicled struggles at the plate may be behind him. His run-scoring single in the first was part of a hit parade. The Mets batted around, posting five runs before Miami took a swing.The Mets’ bats went silent for the next five innings, but there again was Smith, whose smooth swing came in handy in the seventh, as he knocked a single through to left center, advancing catcher Wilson Ramos to second. Ramos eventually scored, providing just enough insurance for the Mets to outlast the Marlins, 6-5.“It got a little hairy,” Mets Manager Mickey Callaway said, “but they got through it again.”The Mets will send Jacob deGrom, their ace, to the mound Wednesday for a potential sweep here in Miami.For the second straight night, Marlins second baseman Starlin Castro homered, this time belting a solo shot against Mets starter Jason Vargas in the fifth. Vargas negotiated his way out of that inning and did not return for the sixth after throwing 74 pitches. Both of the runs he yielded were earned. Reliever Seth Lugo surrendered the three other runs.ImageJason Vargas of the Mets picked up his first win of the season, allowing eight hits and two earned runs over five innings.CreditLynne Sladky/Associated PressEven with Alonso starring, Smith has found ways to contribute at the plate and in the field during the season’s first week. On opening day, he walked and scored as a pinch-hitter. In the second game, he drove in two runs with a single, and there he was once more on Monday.While Alonso’s 440-foot home run that night made all the highlight reels, it was Smith who kicked off a four-run rally in the ninth inning with a leadoff single as a pinch-hitter. He came around to score the winning run.“In that job, you have to do your homework, know the pitchers,” Smith said. “I just try to figure out the situation I’ll be coming into.”Callaway said that he did not believe he had to get Smith, who has experienced a reawakening after addressing his sleep apnea, a certain amount of starts. Rather, he will weigh how much rest Alonso will need in his first season.Even though Alonso did not start Tuesday, he found a way into the game, just as Callaway had predicted — telling the rookie that he would most likely enter as a pinch-hitter.“I can’t wait to get my first pinch-hit,” Alonso told Callaway.Callaway called on Alonso to bat in the top of the seventh. With Ramos on third and left fielder Brandon Nimmo on first, Alonso had another chance to drive in runs, but he struck out looking.It did not matter, though. Smith and the rest of the Mets had already done enough in his place.A version of this article appears in print on , on Page B8 of the New York edition with the headline: Alonso’s Understudy Helps Mets Hang On Against the Marlins. Order Reprints | Today’s Paper | SubscribeRelated CoverageDominic Smith, the Mets’ Sleeper at First BaseMarch 18, 2019ImagePete Alonso Delivers a First in the Ninth as the Mets Escape the MarlinsApril 1, 2019ImageMets Rally, Only to Lose to Nationals on Walk-Off HomerMarch 31, 2019ImageAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byRoach Lifts Texas Past TCU 58-44 and Into NIT ChampionshipBy The Associated PressApril 3, 2019NEW YORK — Kerwin Roach II is the Texas guard's name, the numerals not part of the running tally marker for his season suspensions.Back on the roster, Roach stayed in the game and kept the Longhorns in the hunt to end the season in New York with a championship.Roach turned a season marred by suspension into a can't-miss performance in the first half to help Texas get comfortable at Madison Square Garden and beat TCU 58-44 on Tuesday night for a spot in the NIT championship."It was tough for our team when he went out," coach Shaka Smart said. "It was certainly tough for him. He was really, really down and disappointed in himself.""But, I told him, you're going to get to play again."He's got one more game left, and the Longhorns (20-16) will play Lipscomb for the title on Thursday night at the Garden.Roach served two suspensions this season and was pained as he had to watch senior night festivities from the bench. Roach was reinstated for the Big 12 Tournament and led Texas to its fourth straight win in the NIT. He scored 13 of his 22 points in the first half to spark the Longhorns to a 15-point lead, and they held on against pesky TCU (23-14). Texas can win its first NIT title since 1978.TCU had swept the season series against Texas and failed to go 3-0 against its in-state and Big 12 rival. Texas still has won 18 of the last 25 games against the Horned Frogs.TCU coach Jamie Dixon insisted his team (with a 7-11 mark in the Big 12) was snubbed by the NCAA Tournament selection committee and used it as a motivating force for the program. Fueled by the snub, the Horned Frogs stormed past Sam Houston State, Nebraska and Creighton to get to New York.Dixon has led a traditionally downtrodden program in TCU into a mid-pack Big 12 winner, one reason why speculation has swirled that UCLA has targeted him as a candidate for its vacancy."I have a great job. I'm very lucky where I'm at," Dixon said, dismissing UCLA questions.Alex Robinson, who led TCU with 12 points, said Dixon made postseason play possible in Fort Worth, Texas."I remember before he got here, we were a really separated bunch," he said. "He made sure we came together and played together."The Horned Frogs won the NIT in 2017 and made the NCAA Tournament last season for the first time in 20 years. The push for back-to-back tourney bids fell just short, and so did a second-half run that whittled the lead to five.Roach dunked off a beautiful backdoor cut and Dylan Osetkowski scored a baseline layup off a pick-and-roll to give Texas breathing room and end the threat. Roach had averaged 15.7 points in the NIT, Osetkowski had 15.3 points and the duo delivered again in the semifinal. Osetkowski, who had 13 points and nine rebounds, connected on a late 3 that made it a 14-point lead and left only a few hundred burnt orange cheering faithful in the house.Smart has only said that Roach violated university policy for the stretch-run suspension of his leading scorer (14.8 points). Roach had also been suspended for the season opener and the 2016 season opener. Against TCU, Roach hit his only 3 and made 6 of 8 shots overall in the first half for 13 points and a 31-17 lead.The Longhorns went 1-4 in his absence over his most recent suspension ended before the Big 12 Tournament.Three career suspensions, and one more chance to cut down the nets."He's a guy that's got a level of athleticism that allows him to get by his man and put the other team in a bit of a bind," Smart said.GET COMFY AGAINTexas returns to MSG in November — along with Duke, Georgetown and California — to play in the Empire Classic.UP NEXTIt's a Thursday night matchup against Lipscomb in the NIT championship. Garrison Mathews swished his ninth 3-pointer of the game in front of an exuberant Lipscomb bench for the lead with 1:10 left in the game to send the Bisons past Wichita State 71-64 . Mathews finished with 34 points.___AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byNationals SS Trea Turner Breaks Finger, Out IndefinitelyBy The Associated PressApril 3, 2019WASHINGTON — Nationals shortstop Trea Turner will be out indefinitely after breaking his right index finger while trying to bunt.Standing at the plate in the first inning Tuesday night against Philadelphia, Turner squared to bunt versus Zach Elfin. The fastball hit the finger on his right hand, which was wrapped around the bat.The injury was determined to be a nondisplaced fracture. There was no timetable for his return."I guess as time goes on, the better we'll know," Turner said."It's a big loss. He's our starting shortstop," manager Dave Martinez said. "But we've got to keep playing."Wilmer Difo replaced Turner and will assume the role of starter for the time being."He's here for a reason," Martinez said of Difo, who went 1 for 3 after entering in the first inning.Martinez expressed hope of getting a backup from the minors before Wednesday afternoon's game against the Phillies.Turner was batting .385 and coming off a game against the Mets in which he hit two home runs, including a game-ending solo shot."Not fun," Turner said. "I couldn't move it, so I knew something was wrong."Turner said the pitch was coming high and inside, and he had no chance to get out of the way."I don't expect somebody to throw at my head," Turner said.Martinez said: "The ball was in. He just couldn't get out of the way. He just kept running in on him."___AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byNorth Carolina Freshman White Opts for NBABy ReutersApril 3, 2019North Carolina freshman guard Coby White is leaving school for the NBA draft, where early indications are he could be a lottery pick.White averaged 16.1 points and 4.1 assists for the Tar Heels, who lost to Auburn as a No. 1 seed in the Sweet 16 of the NCAA Tournament."This year, this school, this experience has prepared me for the next phase of my basketball journey," White wrote Wednesday on social media.White (6-foot-5, 185) shot 80 percent from the free throw line and 35.3 percent (82 of 232) from 3-point range while starting all 35 games for North Carolina. He's known more as a shot-maker than a facilitator, posting three games this season with at least 33 points.White, a 2018 McDonald's high school All-American, was projected to be the 11th pick in an ESPN mock draft from March 18.--Field Level MediaAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byCollege Notebook: Duke's Williamson, Barrett Headline All-America TeamBy ReutersApril 2, 2019Freshmen Zion Williamson and RJ Barrett of Duke headline the 2019 college basketball All-America team announced Tuesday.Murray State guard Ja Morant, Tennessee forward Grant Williams and Michigan State point guard Cassius Winston round out the team.Williamson and Barrett are the first freshman teammates named to the first team since John Wall and DeMarcus Cousins of Kentucky in 2010.Williamson was a unanimous selection by 64 Associated Press voters, averaging 22.6 points, 8.9 rebounds, 2.1 blocks and 1.8 blocks per game. Barrett averaged 22.6 points, 7.6 boards and 4.3 assists.--Boston College standout guard Ky Bowman announced he is bypassing his senior season and declaring for the NBA draft."It has always been a lifelong dream of mine to play in the NBA," Bowman wrote on an Instagram post. "After much thought and consideration with my family, I have decided to declare for the 2019 NBA Draft and take the next step toward achieving my dream."Bowman averaged 19.2 points, 7.6 rebounds and 4.0 assists this season while earning second-team All-Atlantic Coast Conference honors.--Former coaches Lute Olson and Rick Majerus and former UNLV star Larry Johnson highlight the nine-member class selected for induction into the College Basketball Hall of Fame. Duke's Shane Battier, Indiana's Calbert Cheaney, Providence's Ernie DiGregorio, Purdue's Terry Dischinger, Stanford's Todd Lichti and former Valparaiso coach Homer Drew also were selected.Olson went 776-285 in 34 seasons at Long Beach State, Iowa and Arizona. He won the 1997 national title at Arizona as part of 23 consecutive NCAA Tournament appearances.Majerus, who died in 2012, went 517-216 with stops at Marquette, Ball State, Utah and Saint Louis. His biggest accomplishment was leading the Utes to the 1998 national championship game, where they lost to Kentucky.--North Carolina State recruit Jalen Lecque is weighing whether to enter the NBA draft or play for the Wolfpack next season. He has until April 21 to make the decision.Lecque, a 6-foot-4 guard, is considered to be in his fifth year of high school after playing at Brewster Academy in New Hampshire this season. Since he turns 19 on June 13, and his original graduating class was 2018, he might be eligible for the draft. His family has filed paperwork with the NBA, according to multiple outlets.ESPN reported that the NBA will review the transcripts of Lecque, a four-star recruit. The outlet said Lecque didn't receive a diploma from the Christ School in Arden, N.C., where he was enrolled in 2017-18, setting up the unique scenario.--Houston has offered coach Kelvin Sampson a six-year, $18 million extension, the Houston Chronicle reported.Sampson, 63, guided the Cougars (33-4) to the American Athletic Conference regular-season title and their first Sweet 16 appearance since 1984.The school made the offer last week and both sides are reviewing the details, the newspaper said. It would make Sampson one of the top 25 highest-paid coaches in the nation. He currently earns $1.4 million.--Field Level MediaAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported bySnell Ks 13, Rays Blank Rockies for 5th Straight WinBy The Associated PressApril 2, 2019ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. — Blake Snell's arm was on. Chris Iannetta's foot was a little off.That was more than enough for the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night in a 4-0 win over the Colorado Rockies.Snell matched a career high with 13 strikeouts, pitching seven innings of two-hit ball to lift the Rays to their fifth straight win. The AL Cy Young Award winner struck out six straight during one stretch, helping Tampa Bay improve to a franchise-best 5-1. Snell (1-1) rebounded splendidly after allowing five runs in an opening day loss to Houston."It got to the point in the sixth inning where everything was working so well, we were just kind of laughing at each other," Snell said. "Everything was really good today."Tampa Bay scored three runs in the first inning against Kyle Freeland (1-1), an effort aided by Iannetta's error.With the bases loaded and one out, Mike Zunino hit a chopper to third baseman Nolan Arenado, who threw to the plate for a forceout. A replay review showed Iannetta lifted his foot off the plate before catching the ball, allowing Yandy Diaz to score. Guillermo Heredia followed with a two-run single."It's one of those things where you know the way (Snell) was dealing, that it may only take one," Zunino said. "But it was nice to pad that lead against a team like Colorado."Even in the first inning, three runs looked like a lot for the Rockies to overcome."Us getting the lead early was huge," Snell said. "It allowed me to settle in pretty quick, and it's always easier to pitch with a lead."Asked if it might have might have been a different game if Iannetta had kept the back of his foot on the plate another fraction of a second, Rockies manager Bud Black said: "Revisionist history. The whole world changes on every pitch or every play that's made. That's one you don't see really, right? The catcher not keeping his heel down. That's unfortunate. "Christian Arroyo's two-out single off reliever Carlos Estevez made it 4-0 in the sixth.Freeland lost for the first time in 12 starts since last Aug. 1. He tied his career high with 10 strikeouts in 4 2/3 innings. He gave up three hits and four walks.Trevor Story had singles in the fifth and seventh innings for Colorado's only hits. The Rockies have lost four straight and scored only one run in their last 30 innings. They never got a runner as far as second base against Snell and reliever Wilmer Font, who closed with two hitless innings.ONE RUN OR LESSThe Rays have given up no more than one run each of their last four games, two games each against Houston and Colorado. It is the second time in franchise history they went four straight games without giving up two runs. They did it in September 2000 against Toronto (two games) and the New York Yankees.TRAINER'S ROOMRockies: 1B Daniel Murphy (fractured left index finger) probably will be sidelined for at least a month. He was added to the 10-day injured list Monday. LHP Jake McGee (sprained left knee) joined him on the 10-day IL on Tuesday.Rays: INF Daniel Robertson left the game in the second inning with a stomach illness. ... Diaz came up limping running out a double in the eighth and left the game with an ankle injury.UP NEXTRHP German Marquez, a former Rays prospect who was traded in January of 2016, will pitch the series finale for the Rockies on Wednesday against RHP Charlie Morton.___AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byCrusaders to Hold Independent Review of Team Name, BrandingBy ReutersApril 2, 2019WELLINGTON — The Canterbury Crusaders said on Wednesday they have tasked a research company with carrying out an independent review of their branding and team name in the wake of last month's mass shooting at two Christchurch mosques that left 50 people dead.The Crusaders name and branding, with a sword-wielding knight as the team's logo, has been questioned as to its appropriateness given its potential link to the medieval religious wars between Christians and Muslims.The Crusaders, the most successful team in the southern hemisphere's Super Rugby competition with nine titles, said any potential changes would be in place for the 2020 season. "This is an event that rocked our community and brought some important issues to the fore," Crusaders Chief Executive Colin Mansbridge said in a statement."One of the contentious issues that has been brought up in the aftermath of the Christchurch attacks is the name of our rugby team - the Crusaders."We are treating the question around the appropriateness of our brand extremely seriously. We are committed to undertaking a thorough process, taking into account all relevant opinions and, most importantly, we are committed to doing the right thing."The team added that they had spoken to representatives from the Muslim community to convey their respects in the aftermath of the shooting, but they would not be "burdening them with any responsibility around our brand review going forward".Pre-match entertainment at home games, where horsemen dressed as knights ride around the periphery of the ground, would not be used for the remainder of the season, the team said."We accept that an association between the Crusaders team and the historical Crusades has now been drawn," the team added in the statement. "So, while we are keeping an open mind on the future of our name until the research has been done, we have decided to make some immediate changes to our at-game experience as a clear statement that this team does not in any way represent the religious Crusades."The Crusaders hold their first home game since the shootings on Saturday when they host the ACT Brumbies, with a period of silence to be observed before kickoff.  (Reporting by Greg Stutchbury; Editing by Peter Rutherford)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byRangers Lose to the Lowly Ottawa SenatorsImageThe Senators’ Brian Gibbons got past Rangers goaltender Henrik Lundqvist (30) and defenseman Neal Pionk (44) to score in the third period of Ottawa’s 4-1 win on Wednesday.CreditCreditMary Altaffer/Associated PressBy The Associated PressApril 3, 2019Brady Tkachuk had a goal and an assist and the Ottawa Senators earned a 4-1 win against the Rangers at Madison Square Garden on Wednesday night.Bobby Ryan, Zack Smith and Brian Gibbons also scored while Anders Nilsson made 27 saves as the league-worst Senators picked up their second win in the past three games. Colin White also had two assists.Lias Andersson scored for the Rangers and Henrik Lundqvist stopped 27 of 31 shots as the Rangers fell for the second straight game. Ottawa benefited from superior play on special teams, with two power-play goals and a short-handed tally.Ryan opened the scoring when he sneaked a wrist shot past Lundqvist’s glove at 12 minutes 14 seconds of the first period. Chris Tierney delivered the puck from below the goal line to set up Ryan for the power-play goal. Tkachuk also assisted on the play.While skating down a man 1:15 after the first goal, the Senators doubled their advantage when Smith redirected a puck past Lundqvist. Smith’s ninth goal of the season was set up when he and Magnus Paajarvi executed a give-and-go around Rangers defenseman Kevin Shattenkirk. Pavel Buchnevich, who returned after missing one game with an upper-body injury, also failed to pick up Smith driving to the net.Ottawa converted on a two-man advantage at 3:51 of the second period to extend its lead to three. Tkachuk collected a loose puck near the side of the net and stuffed it home for his 22nd of the season. White and Thomas Chabot assisted on the play.The Rangers converted a short-handed chance of their own when Anderson performed a nifty backhand-forehand deke to beat Nilsson at 4:52 of the second period. Vladislav Namestnikov and Brendan Smith assisted on the play.Gibbons scored his eighth of the season at 14:58 of the third period to make the score 4-1. White and Gibbons completed a nifty passing sequence that led to the tap-in opportunity to seal the outcome.A version of this article appears in print on , on Page B11 of the New York edition with the headline: With Season Nearly Over, Rangers Fall To the Worst. Order Reprints | Today’s Paper | SubscribeAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byCrusaders to Hold Independent Review of Team Name, BrandingBy ReutersApril 2, 2019WELLINGTON — The Canterbury Crusaders said on Wednesday they have tasked a research company with carrying out an independent review of their branding and team name in the wake of last month's mass shooting at two Christchurch mosques that left 50 people dead.The Crusaders name and branding, with a sword-wielding knight as the team's logo, has been questioned as to its appropriateness given its potential link to the medieval religious wars between Christians and Muslims.The Crusaders, the most successful team in the southern hemisphere's Super Rugby competition with nine titles, said any potential changes would be in place for the 2020 season. "This is an event that rocked our community and brought some important issues to the fore," Crusaders Chief Executive Colin Mansbridge said in a statement."One of the contentious issues that has been brought up in the aftermath of the Christchurch attacks is the name of our rugby team - the Crusaders."We are treating the question around the appropriateness of our brand extremely seriously. We are committed to undertaking a thorough process, taking into account all relevant opinions and, most importantly, we are committed to doing the right thing."The team added that they had spoken to representatives from the Muslim community to convey their respects in the aftermath of the shooting, but they would not be "burdening them with any responsibility around our brand review going forward".Pre-match entertainment at home games, where horsemen dressed as knights ride around the periphery of the ground, would not be used for the remainder of the season, the team said."We accept that an association between the Crusaders team and the historical Crusades has now been drawn," the team added in the statement. "So, while we are keeping an open mind on the future of our name until the research has been done, we have decided to make some immediate changes to our at-game experience as a clear statement that this team does not in any way represent the religious Crusades."The Crusaders hold their first home game since the shootings on Saturday when they host the ACT Brumbies, with a period of silence to be observed before kickoff.  (Reporting by Greg Stutchbury; Editing by Peter Rutherford)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byPeralta Dominates, Brewers Beat Reds 1-0 for SweepBy The Associated PressApril 3, 2019CINCINNATI — Freddy Peralta threw the ball past the free-swinging Reds or got them to hit it into the air harmlessly. The 22-year-old right-hander had a career day and provided the Brewers with yet another close-as-it-gets win.Peralta allowed a pair of singles over a career-high eight innings, and Manny Pina singled home a run with Milwaukee's only hit off Luis Castillo on Wednesday, leading the Brewers to a 1-0 victory and a three-game sweep.The defending NL Central champions improved 6-1, two games better than the start last year, when they tied the club record with 96 victories. Five of the wins have been by one run, with their pitching making the most of an offense yet to hit its stride.This time, the Brewers managed only two hits and won anyway."We're in a really good moment, we've just got to keep it going," said Jesus Aguilar, who scored the only run.Peralta (1-0) lasted only three innings on Friday during the Brewers' loss to the Cardinals, but he dominated the Reds . Eugenio Suarez singled in the second inning, and Peralta retired his next 20 batters before Curt Casali singled in the eighth.Peralta allowed only two runners, fanned 11 and threw 100 pitches, retiring the Reds exclusively on strikeouts or balls hit in the air — not one groundout. Alex Wilson gave up a walk and a single in the ninth while getting his first save."You could feel both pitchers going at it," Peralta said through a translator.Pina's RBI single in the second was Milwaukee's only hit off Castillo (0-1), who walked four and struck out nine in seven innings. A weird balk set up the run.Aguilar reached on a one-out walk. The Reds decided to have Joey Votto play off the base because Aguilar isn't a threat to steal. Castillo knew Votto was playing back, but he made a pickoff move anyway and froze, causing a balk."He got off to a big lead," Castillo said through a translator. "I saw that and I tried to pick him off. That was my fault. I lost the game in that inning right there."Pina followed with his first hit of the season for the Brewers' fourth straight one-run win."It's unique," manager Craig Counsell said. "Seven games and five one-run games. I hope that doesn't continue, but we're coming out on the right end."They usually do against the Reds.Milwaukee has won 16 of 22 against the Reds in the last two seasons, including six shutouts. The Brewers' five shutouts in the series last year marked the most by a team against the Reds in a season since the Pirates' five in 1960s.Cincinnati completed its opening homestand at 1-4, matching its start last season."We're not thinking about last year," outfielder Jesse Winker said. "I don't want to talk about last year. We've been in some really close games. It stinks to be a part of losing."The Reds' starting pitching has been better, improved by three offseason trades, but their offense has struggled. The Reds are last in the NL with 11 runs and a .167 team batting average. Starting outfielders Winker, Matt Kemp and Scott Schebler fell to a combined 1 for 42 this season.The Reds were shut out twice during the opening homestand. They were blanked only three times all season at GABP."I'm not too worried about us hitting," Kemp said. "This was a big homestand. Everybody was excited and riled up. We've just got to calm down."THE 1-0 RARITYIt was the Reds' first 1-0 loss at home since Aug. 26, 2017, when Gerrit Cole homered for the Pirates.ANOTHER RARITYThe Reds' only out off a ground ball was the final one, a forceout at second base. Aguilar, the Brewers' first baseman, had no putouts in the game.TRAINER'S ROOMBrewers: RHP Jeremy Jeffress will pitch at Triple-A on Friday. He's on an injury rehabilitation assignment from a sore shoulder and could rejoin the team soon.Reds: Suarez reached for his back after a hard swing-and-miss in the fourth inning, but he stayed in the game.UP NEXTBrewers: After a day off, Milwaukee opens a three-game series against the Cubs at Miller Park with Brandon Woodruff (1-0) making his second start. The Brewers have won eight of the last 11 games between them, including the NL Central tiebreaker.Reds: Tyler Mahle makes his 2019 debut as the Reds open a four-game series in Pittsburgh. The teams split a rain-shortened two-game series to open the season.___AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byBrave Hasenhuettl Has Done an 'Incredible' Job at Southampton: KloppBy ReutersApril 3, 2019(Reuters) - Southampton manager Ralph Hasenhuettl has done an "incredible" job to turn around the club's fortunes and was brave to trust young players in their bid to avoid relegation, Liverpool boss Juergen Klopp said on Wednesday.Hasenhuettl was appointed in December when former manager Mark Hughes was sacked following a dismal run of results where they had only one victory in 14 league games.Since then Southampton have won seven games as the Austrian manager lifted the south coast club out of the relegation zone and into 16th place with the help of youngsters and academy graduates who were handed their Premier League debuts."I have to say the job he (Hasenhuettl) is doing there is incredible," Klopp told reporters. "He brought young players in, academy players, a pretty brave decision."We have to see the time Ralph Hasenhuettl is in at Southampton. I think they are eighth in the form table, last 15 games at least. The games they lost, they were unlucky rather than playing bad."So that means they are fighting for the league, and that gives you good information about the intensity of the game probably. It's a home game for Southampton, and they play a clear style of football."Liverpool defender Virgil van Dijk was a doubt for Friday's game after an ankle injury in the 2-1 win over Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday but Klopp said he trained normally and would be available to take on his former club.The Dutch defender has been instrumental in Liverpool having the best defensive record in the league this season and Klopp hailed his impact at the Merseyside club."He's so important to us, not only as a player but as a person," Klopp added. "I couldn't say a bad word about him even if I wanted."He has improved us and he has improved since he came here as well. He's a different player to when he was at Southampton. (Playing in the) Champions League quarter-finals, semi-finals and final help you as a player."Klopp also said he was not concerned by Mohamed Salah's goal drought. The Egyptian forward has not scored since the start of February, a run of eight games in all competitions."People talk about how many games he hasn't scored in but he doesn't seem bothered," Klopp said. "It's about work rate, doing it again and again, and one day the ball will bounce in your direction."We have 79 points. You can't have that if you have major problems in a season." (Reporting by Rohith Nair in Bengaluru, editing by Pritha Sarkar)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byReport: Blue Jays Extend OF GrichukBy ReutersApril 2, 2019The Toronto Blue Jays have agreed to a five-year, $52 million contract extension with outfielder Randal Grichuk, according to a report from Sportsnet.The deal buys out three seasons of potential free agency and keeps Grichuk under contract through the 2023 season. Grichuk will receive a $5 million signing bonus as well as a salary increase from $5 million to $7 million in 2019. He is due to receive $12 million in 2020 and $9.3 million per year from 2021 through 2023.The 27-year-old Grichuk is in his second season with the Blue Jays, who acquired him from the St. Louis Cardinals in January 2018 for right-handed reliever Dominic Leone and a minor-league prospect. Grichuk hit .245 with 25 home runs and 61 RBIs in 124 games in his first season with Toronto.New Blue Jays manager Charlie Montoyo quickly embraced Grichuk's hitting ability in his first season at the helm."I see him leading off," Montoyo said to the Windsor Star during spring training. "I even see him hitting second, I see him hitting third. ..."He's impressive, that kid."Grichuk entered Tuesday with a .247 lifetime average, 92 home runs and 245 RBIs in 533 career games. He also has swiped 18 bases in 29 attempts.The Los Angeles Angels drafted Grichuk with the 24th overall pick of the 2009 draft. One pick later, the franchise selected another outfielder: Mike Trout.--Field Level MediaAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byWinning Tennis Titles Again, Bob Bryan Is Inspiring Athletes With Hip InjuriesImageBob Bryan did not play last season after aggravating his right hip injury in Madrid in May.CreditCreditDenis Doyle/Getty ImagesBy Christopher ClareyApril 2, 2019MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. — At 40, Bob Bryan can dive for volleys again. He can turn, twist and slap fast-twitch returns. He can also win more titles: He partnered with his twin brother, Mike, and triumphed at the Delray Beach Open and the Miami Open in the last six weeks.It is all beginning to feel so familiar that Bob Bryan, one of the greatest doubles players in history, often forgets that he now has a mostly metal right hip.“When I take the towel off, and I walk by a mirror, I go: ‘Whoa! Look at that scar!’” he said. “I have a 10-inch scar, and without that scar, I wouldn’t even know it’s in there.”Tennis has long produced first-rate comeback tales. It has been 30 years since Thomas Muster, the intense Austrian, whacked groundstrokes in a custom-designed chair designed to protect his postoperative left knee, which was injured when a drunken driver plowed into Muster’s parked vehicle at the tournament in Key Biscayne, Fla.Muster returned to the tour and reached No. 1.Bryan’s renaissance at an age when most tennis stars have long since retired is certainly one for the short list, too.It has been less than a year since he was hobbling down the boardwalk in Santa Cruz, Calif., with his wife, Michelle, certain that his remarkable career was over. He was concerned, above all, about getting healthy enough to play with his three young children.“I couldn’t walk for more than five minutes,” he said.The orthopedic surgeon Edwin Su resurfaced Bryan’s hip on Aug. 2 at the Hospital for Special Surgery in New York and explained that, if all went very well, Bryan could envision returning to tournament play eight months later.He returned to action in five months and, now at the eight-month mark, is winning significant tournaments.“What Bob is doing is incredible,” Su said in a telephone interview on Monday. “He really is demonstrating what determination and his hard work can accomplish with a new implant.”“Incredible” is quite a word choice from a surgeon who has performed more than 4,000 such procedures. A few others were on professional athletes trying to save their careers, including the former major league pitcher Colby Lewis.But no professional tennis player has had this procedure and returned to the fore, although Andy Murray, who underwent the same type of operation in January in London after plenty of chatting and texting with Bryan, may try to do the same.“The things that make Bob Bryan great, you don’t know if you are going to lose that with an artificial joint and surgery,” Su said. “It’s amazing to see he doesn’t seem to have lost any of it and in fact is now able to play without pain.”David Macpherson, the Bryans’ longtime coach, said Bob was playing like the “30-year-old Bob.”“He’s exploding to poaches like the old days when he would just steal points from incredible cross-court returns by flashing across the net with the speed of light and picking off balls,” Macpherson said in Miami. “I also feel he’s a little more confident on the return, letting it go and doing more damage than before, and he is still serving just as nasty. So I really feel he’s in a great place right now, where he’s just enjoying his life and loves his family but is getting a second lease on tennis.”After Bob’s hip problem became acute in Madrid last May, Mike went on to win Wimbledon and the United States Open with Jack Sock. Bob attended their practices in New York while using a cane. But there was no doubt the twins would reunite on court if Bob could recover.“With all the success Mike was having with Jack in the majors, Bob just handled it all with so much class and was so supportive of Mike in that time,” MacPherson said.Doubles has been deeply overshadowed in the modern era, with the biggest stars like Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal focusing on singles in Grand Slam tournaments. But in a parched environment, the Bryans — Mike the right-hander, and Bob the lefty — have managed to carve out a rich niche with their winning ways and personalities.They have enthusiastically gone above and beyond to sign just about every autograph and pose for just about every selfie, but Bob is reaching a new audience now.“I talk to probably three or four people a week, people who get my number and call me about hip problems,” he said. “A professional soccer player in Australia. I’m getting hit up by people all the time.”He said he had spoken with Murray, the former world No. 1 from Britain, most recently about a week ago.“He was asking me a lot of questions in the early weeks, because obviously those are the weeks where you are not feeling great and probably a little concerned,” Bryan said. “But I think he’s probably feeling really good right now.”Murray has posted video of himself on social media lightly hitting tennis balls. But returning in singles, with full-court coverage required, is a more daunting prospect.“I think a three-out-of-five-set singles match is almost close to 50 times more physical than doubles,” Bryan said. “It’s going to really challenge Andy, the movement. But I can jump. I can lunge, and I am not sore after matches.”As Murray debated whether to have surgery, Bryan put him in touch with Su, who said Murray was an ideal candidate for the procedure. Murray ultimately chose to have it done closer to home by Sarah Muirhead-Allwood, a leading British hip surgeon..Can he come back and play singles at the highest level?“I think he would be able to,” Su said.Hip resurfacing is not a total hip replacement. It calls for shaving a thin layer of damaged bone off the ball of the hip joint and replacing it with a metal cap — “like crowning a tooth,” Su said.A metal socket is also put in place. “When Bob refers to it as his metal hip, it is truly metal,” Su said.Bryan credited Su, an avid tennis player, for his success so far.“People tell me this surgery comes down to millimeters,” Bryan said. “I’ve talked to people who had different doctors and have done the same procedure, and they feel like crap.”Su said he believed Bryan’s recovery had been accelerated in part by the use of a relatively new rehabilitation tool: an anti-gravity treadmill, which supports a player at the hips with an inflatable lower-body compartment and reduces the risks of fractures in the recovery phase.“You can un-weight the body to 60 percent to 70 or 80,” Su said.Su saw Bryan compete in the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells, Calif., last month.“I love it, just to see what he’s able to do,” Su said. “I cringe a little bit when he dives, but he’s done it several times, and no worse for the wear.”Will such acrobatics and the other rigors of professional tennis put Bryan at greater risk of requiring follow-up surgery down the road?“That’s a really good question we don’t have the answer to,” Su said. “We don’t have enough data in terms of how it would hold up to activity such as this. This has been done now for almost two decades, so there are some very active patients out there, and activity doesn’t seem to make it wear out. We’re drawing from the experiences of recreational athletes.”The Miami title was the Bryans’ 118th together on tour. They had once planned on retiring after the 2012 Olympics and were close to retirement at the 2017 Australian Open. But such plans are on hold, even with their 41st birthday looming on April 29.“Now we’re looking at Tokyo in 2020,” Bob said of the next Olympics, while emphasizing that “we never wanted to play until we were 45 or 46.”Skepticism is definitely permitted at this stage.“I know,” Bob said with a chuckle. “My wife doesn’t believe me, either.”A version of this article appears in print on , on Page B11 of the New York edition with the headline: The Bryan Brothers Have a New Partner. Order Reprints | Today’s Paper | SubscribeRelated CoverageRoger Federer Outruns Time (and John Isner) Once Again to Win Miami OpenMarch 31, 2019ImageBob Bryan Waits in the Wings to Reunite With His Brother on the Tennis CourtNov. 13, 2018ImageAnother Source of Conflict in Tennis: Are You Up or Down on Doubles?Jan. 25, 2019ImageHow the Bryan Brothers Saved DoublesSept. 9, 2015ImageAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byThrilling Comeback Shows Barca Desire to Win Title-SuarezBy ReutersApril 2, 2019VILA-REAL — Barcelona's incredible fightback to draw 4-4 at Villarreal on Tuesday when they were trailing by two goals at the start of stoppage time underlined the team's hunger to win the Liga title, goalscorer Luis Suarez said.The Uruguayan's deadly last-gasp strike completed a stirring and frantic comeback from the league leaders in one of the most entertaining games of the season in Spain in which Barca took a 2-0 lead before conceding four times to struggling Villarreal.The draw saw Barca's advantage over nearest challengers Atletico Madrid reduced to eight points ahead of Saturday's showdown at home to Diego Simeone's side."The spirit which we showed to never give up demonstrates how much we want to lift this league title," Suarez told reporters after they avoided what would have been Barca's first league defeat since November."Looking at how the first half was going I think we put in a great performance, we deserved to be winning although we know they had chances to score too."With the game against Atletico looming, plus next week's Champions League quarter-final first leg at Manchester United, Barca coach Ernesto Valverde started without talisman Lionel Messi as well as Gerard Pique and Ivan Rakitic. But his side still took a commanding lead thanks to early goals from Philippe Coutinho and Malcom.Coutinho hit the post and then Villarreal, who have spent most of the campaign in or around the relegation zone, came back with a vengeance.The home side scored either side of the interval to equalise before Vicente Iborra and Carlos Bacca gave them a two-goal advantage with 10 minutes to go.But a red card for Villarreal defender Alvaro Gimenez helped resuscitate Barca, with Messi scoring from a free kick moments before Suarez's unstoppable equaliser."We had a great first half and should have made it 3-0 but they are fighting for their lives and they were playing at home," Suarez added.The Uruguayan warned that his side had plenty of work to do though before meeting Atletico in four days' time."We have a lovely points margin but even though we didn't lose today we know we have to improve," he said. "This game shows you that you end up paying dearly for any errors, and we need to make some corrections." (Reporting by Richard Martin; Editing by Ken Ferris)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byEsports-Formula One Doubles the Prize Money for Virtual ChampionshipBy ReutersApril 2, 2019LONDON — Formula One has more than doubled the prize money for this year's esports world championship, with the virtual teams racing for a very real pot of $500,000 (£381,534) compared to last year's $200,000.The series, which starts on April 8 and has New Balance as title sponsor, will also have more races than last year's competition which the sport said was watched by 5.5 million viewers.The Pro Draft, from which teams must select at least one of their drivers, will take place in July with four live events -- one more than last year -- between September and December to decide the champion and winning team.Britain's Brendon Leigh has won the title for the past two years, in 2018 with the team of real life world champions Mercedes.The top team in 2018 took home $50,000, with the runners-up $40,000 and third placed outfit $34,000. Nine of the 10 teams -- all but Ferrari -- took part. Formula One did not give details for the breakdown of the 2019 prize pot."We are committed to exponential growth in the world of esports, and as a result the 2019 season is going to be even bigger and better," said Formula One's managing director Sean Bratches."Having more than doubled the prize fund, we plan to attract even more talent to the series and to continue the upward trajectory we are on."The esports championship will also follow Formula One's lead in awarding an extra point for the fastest race lap from this season.There will also be greater Chinese involvement, with a Chinese championship to launch later this year."The China Championship will give a select number of the fastest and most skilled Chinese gamers automatic entry into the prestigious Pro Draft in 2020," Formula One said. (Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Toby Davis)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byRennes Beat Lyon to Reach French Cup Final, Genesio Deal on HoldBy ReutersApril 2, 2019LYON, France — Stade Rennes reached the French Cup final as Ramy Bensebaini's late strike secured a 3-2 win at Olympique Lyonnais on Tuesday. Rennes twice led with goals by Mbaye Niang and Benjamin Andre but Lyon fought back through Bertrand Traore and Moussa Dembele before defender Bensebaini sent the visitors through.Rennes will meet either Paris St Germain or Nantes in the final at the Stade de France on April 27. Lyon president Jean-Michel Aulas, who was expected to extend coach Bruno Genesio's contract by two years, said he would wait until the end of the season to make his decision."I would have offered him a two-year contract extension if we had reached the final and finished in the top three in Ligue 1," Aulas told a news conference.Lyon are third in the standings, seven points ahead of fourth-placed St Etienne with eight games left."We are not ruling out a contract extension later in the season," Aulas added.Rennes took the lead in the semi-final when Niang latched onto a cross from Ismaila Sarr five minutes before the interval.Traore equalised two minutes into the second half after being set up in the box by Tanguy Ndombele, but Rennes regained the advantage eight minutes later as Andre headed home from Hatem Ben Arfa's corner.Andre's handball in the 75th minute, however, gave Lyon a penalty that Dembele coolly converted.Rennes continued to push and Bensebaini beat Anthony Lopes in the 81st minute, firing home from Benjamin Bourigeaud's fluffed attempt to clinch a place in the final. (Writing by Julien Pretot; Editing by Toby Davis)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byBryce Harper With the Epic Bat Flip (and, Oh Yeah, a Homer)ImageThe Phillies’ Bryce Harper hit a two-run homer in the eighth inning in his return to Washington as a visiting player.CreditCreditAlex Brandon/Associated PressBy Victor MatherApril 3, 2019When Bryce Harper hit a powerful eighth-inning home run on Tuesday night, it wrapped up a dramatic homecoming narrative. But getting almost as much buzz was his top-notch bat flip.It was Harper’s first game back in Washington after leaving the Nationals to join the Philadelphia Phillies as a free agent in the off-season. Before the game, he made a magnanimous statement on Instagram thanking Nationals fans and saying he would “always remember the cheers.”Nonetheless, he faced a predictable deluge of boos throughout the game from the home fans. (Perhaps they took their cue from the mayor, Muriel Bowser, who tweeted and then deleted a picture of Harper as Benedict Arnold.)Parked in right field, where Harper plays, was a group of noisy Phillies fans, and Harper took a moment to salute them.He started slowly, with two strikeouts. But then he had a double and a run-scoring single. In his final at-bat, he powered a shot into the second deck in right, fittingly just above those Phillies fans.That brought the bat flip. The typical home run flip comes immediately after the swing and tends to be horizontal. Sometimes it is performed with enthusiasm and sometimes with arrogance.But Harper took his time. He switched hands, then heaved it up one-handed. The toss had good height and tremendous speed, completing several rapid rotations.That was followed by the home run trot and a complex series of fist bumps and poses with his teammates in the dugout.Bat flips can cause hard feelings, as some opposing players tend to feel it violates an unwritten code of the game. Some flips have cleared the benches.Nationals Manager Davey Martinez was more concerned with his shortstop Trea Turner’s broken finger after the game. “I try not to watch,” he said when asked about his thoughts on bat flips. “It’s the way the game’s evolved.”Flips are unlikely to become a disciplinary issue like steroids or beanballs. Major League Baseball can’t be too upset, considering it has posted a video highlighting the top 50 bat flips of all time.And those unwritten codes do not really translate to other baseball cultures. In South Korea, flamboyant flips draw shrugs, not scorn.Some more memorable flippery:The nonchalant flip. Junior Lake’s slow, deliberate flip in 2015 prompted an on-field brouhaha.The disdainful flip. Albert Pujols dripped derision with a delayed toss in 2009.The historic flip. Barry Bonds tied the home run record with 70 in 2001, then executed a soft, high, looping flip that seemed as if it would never come down.The long-delayed flip. Jose Ramirez annoyed the Twins in 2015 with a flip that came halfway to first base.The famous flip. Jose Bautista’s flip from the 2015 division series has yet to be bettered. His homer broke a tie in the deciding game of the series. After the swing, Bautista stood immobile at the plate watching the ball, then performed a muscular hurl that sent his bat deep into foul territory.“He’s doing stuff kids do in Wiffle ball games,” Rangers reliever Sam Dyson groused.That’s a Wiffle ball game many people might like to see.Related CoverageBat Flipping Draws Shrugs in South Korea but Scorn in America Sept. 2, 2015ImageAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byMorata Injury Adds to Atletico Striker Woes Before Barca ClashBy ReutersApril 3, 2019MADRID — Atletico Madrid forward Alvaro Morata is almost certainly out of Saturday's top-of-the-table clash at La Liga leaders Barcelona after the capital club said in a statement he had sprained his ankle in Tuesday's 2-0 win at home to Girona.Atletico did not state how long the Spain striker would be sidelined but reports in Spanish media ruled him out of action for two weeks, adding to the team's shortages in attack ahead of the game that could make or break their title ambitions.Atletico trail Barca by eight points with eight games left but Diego Costa faces a battle to be fit after missing the Girona win with a muscle problem, while France winger Thomas Lemar is not expected back from injury for another two weeks.The club's top scorer this season Frenchman Antoine Griezmann and Croatian forward Niko Kalinic are coach Diego Simeone's only fit forwards for the trip to the Nou Camp, where Atletico have not won in any competition since 2006. (Reporting by Richard Martin; editing by Ken Ferris)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byReport: Seahawks QB Wilson Wants New Deal by April 15By ReutersApril 2, 2019Quarterback Russell Wilson has told the Seattle Seahawks that he wants a new contract by April 15, the first day of the offseason workout program, The Seattle Times reported Tuesday.It is believed Wilson's side and the Seahawks have met recently.Wilson, 30, is entering the final year of a four-year, $87.6 million contract signed July 31, 2015, and he is scheduled to earn a base salary of $17 million in the 2019 season.While the Seahawks tend to finalize contracts the summer before the season begins, Wilson wants to move up the timeline to remove the distractions of contract talks like the ones he endured before signing his contract in 2015.The Seahawks have said they intend to sign Wilson to the extension sooner rather than later."We've been in communication, sure," head coach Pete Carroll said recently at the NFL league meetings in Phoenix. "It's very topical, we're on it."Wilson's contract value averages $21.9 million annually, which narrowly was behind Green Bay quarterback Aaron Rodgers' $22 million annual average at the time he signed it. Now, Wilson ranks 12th in quarterback pay, according to The Seattle Times.The Seahawks selected Wilson in the third round of the 2012 NFL Draft, and he led the Seahawks to a victory in Super Bowl XLVIII after his second full season, defeating the Denver Broncos in the 2014 game.Last season, he threw for a career-high 35 touchdowns, completing 280 of 427 pass attempts for 3,448 yards with seven interceptions. He is a five-time Pro Bowl selection.--Field Level MediaAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byMorata Injury Adds to Atletico Striker Woes Before Barca ClashBy ReutersApril 3, 2019MADRID — Atletico Madrid forward Alvaro Morata is almost certainly out of Saturday's top-of-the-table clash at La Liga leaders Barcelona after the capital club said in a statement he had sprained his ankle in Tuesday's 2-0 win at home to Girona.Atletico did not state how long the Spain striker would be sidelined but reports in Spanish media ruled him out of action for two weeks, adding to the team's shortages in attack ahead of the game that could make or break their title ambitions.Atletico trail Barca by eight points with eight games left but Diego Costa faces a battle to be fit after missing the Girona win with a muscle problem, while France winger Thomas Lemar is not expected back from injury for another two weeks.The club's top scorer this season Frenchman Antoine Griezmann and Croatian forward Niko Kalinic are coach Diego Simeone's only fit forwards for the trip to the Nou Camp, where Atletico have not won in any competition since 2006. (Reporting by Richard Martin; editing by Ken Ferris)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byFulham Down After 4-1 Thrashing at WatfordBy ReutersApril 2, 2019LONDON, April 2 — WATFORD 4 FULHAM 1Fulham were relegated from the Premier League after collapsing to a 4-1 defeat at Watford on Tuesday, a result which left them 16 points adrift of the safety zone with five games remaining.The West London side, owned by American businessman Shahid Khan, return to the second-tier Championship just a season after winning the promotion playoffs.They go down with Huddersfield Town, who on Saturday became only the second team to be relegated from the Premier League before the end of March. The third relegation spot is currently occupied by Cardiff City but Burnley, Southampton and Brighton & Hove Albion are all just five points above the Welsh side.Fulham went into the game knowing they had to avoid defeat to extend their battle against the drop but Abdoulaye Doucoure put Watford ahead in the 23rd minute with a superb left-foot strike from the edge of the box after bursting from midfield.Fulham, who have not won away all season, fought back to score through Ryan Babel 10 minutes later, the Dutchman latching on to a pass from Ryan Sessegnon and rounding keeper Ben Foster before slotting home.But after Will Hughes restored Watford's lead in the 63rd minute with a thundering volley from the edge of the box, Fulham fell to pieces.Troy Deeney made it 3-1 with a tap-in six minutes later and Kiko Femenia added the fourth in the 75th to complete Fulham's misery.NEW PLAYERSFulham were promoted to the top flight after beating Aston Vila in the playoff final but despite Khan investing an estimated £100 million in new players, the biggest spend by any promoted club, they struggled from the outset with manager Slavisa Jokanovic sacked in mid-November.Italian Claudio Ranieri was brought in but failed to turn things around for the West London club and was also sacked, on Feb. 28, with former player Scott Parker taking over."Obviously bitterly disappointed, devastated for the football club and fans," Parker told the BBC."We always knew it was a tough ask. It's the way we lost the game which was most disappointing for me."Asked where the season had gone wrong, 38-year-old former England midfielder Parker was reluctant to offer an explanation."I think in the initial reaction - I have ideas of (where it went wrong) but it's not the time to broadcast it. When a club gets relegated you know there are some serious issues."At this moment in time, I'm not thinking anything. Just pure disappointment," he said.But Fulham's U.S defender Tim Ream slammed their approach."We haven't shown a togetherness, unity, desire, passion. We've shown it in bits and pieces in the first half then go dead and flat."What we do in the match is a product of what we do between Monday to Friday," he said. (Reporting by Simon Evans; Editing by Ken Ferris)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byIndians Sign Francona to Two-Year ExtensionBy ReutersApril 3, 2019Indians manager Terry Francona signed a two-year extension to remain in Cleveland through the 2022 season."Simply put, Tito has been a transformational leader, who has not only impacted our Major League clubhouse, but also the entire organization," Chris Antonetti, the club's president of baseball operations, said Wednesday. "Our relationship has been truly collaborative and we are all fortunate to have a future Hall-of-Fame manager guiding our team as we continue to pursue our ultimate goal of bringing a World Series championship to the city of Cleveland."Francona, 59, is in his seventh season with the Indians, who have the American League's best record since 2013 (547-427). The Indians have four playoff appearances and three division titles in Francona's first six seasons.--Field Level MediaAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byRed Wings, Blashill Agree to Two-Year Contract ExtensionBy ReutersApril 2, 2019Coach Jeff Blashill and the Detroit Red Wings have agreed on a two-year contract extension, general manager Ken Holland announced Tuesday.A Detroit native, Blashill, 45, is in his fourth season as coach of the Red Wings. He has compiled a 135-143-47 since his hiring on June 9, 2015. Despite his relatively short time behind the Red Wings' bench, he is the seventh-longest tenured head coach in the NHL."I think that Jeff has done a very, very good job considering the circumstances of a rebuild," Holland told reporters. "I think on a night-to-night basis, our team has been very, very competitive. I think we've been involved in close to the most one-goal games in the league this year. When I look at the development of the young players on our team, as we've gone through this rebuild, they've all improved, they've all gotten better."When I hired Jeff as a coach, he was the second-youngest coach in the National Hockey League and he's been behind the bench now for four years. I think he's learned a lot in four years behind the bench of a National Hockey League team and I want to put that experience to good use as we go forward in this rebuild. I'm very, very excited to announce that Jeff's coming back for two more years."The Red Wings are 31-38-10 (72 points) and out of the NHL playoff picture with three games to play.In his first season, the Red Wings finished 41-30-11 and lost in the first round of the 2015-16 playoffs to the Tampa Bay Lightning. The Red Wings have not qualified for the postseason since.--Field Level MediaAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byPele Hospitalized in Paris With Urinary Infection-FriendBy ReutersApril 3, 2019PARIS — Brazilian soccer great Pele was hospitalized in Paris with a strong fever but his condition is not life-threatening and he should be released "within a couple of days," one of his long-time friends said on Wednesday.The 78-year-old was suffering from a urinary infection and being treated with antibiotics, his friend and spokesman Pepito Fornos, who was with Pele at the hospital, said. "Everything is under control. Everything's fine."Pele was admitted late on Tuesday as a precaution after attending an event in the French capital with France's World Cup winning youngster Kylian Mbappe.He was still in hospital on Wednesday evening, though in a possible sign he was making a recovery, he said on Twitter: "I met Kylian Mbappe and his parents last night in Paris at @Hublot event. We talked goals, World Cups and watches. Great company!"Earlier, Mbappe had written on social media: "I had the chance this evening to spend a once-in-a-lifetime moment with the living legend @Pele."Pele, revered by many as soccer's greatest player ever, is alone in winning the World Cup three times, first lifting the trophy aged 17. The Brazilian was swift to praise Mbappe after he set last year's World Cup in Russia alight with his electric speed and goalscoring.Mbappe became the youngest player (19) to score two goals in a World Cup game since Pele in 1958. He also became the first teenager since Pele to score in a World Cup final."If Kylian keeps equaling my records like this I may have to dust my boots off again," Pele tweeted at the time. Mbappe replied: "The King will always remain King."The Paris St Germain forward told Tuesday's event he would never match the Brazil great's scoring tally during his career. Pele says he has scored 1,025 goals."Even with the goals in playgrounds, goals on the PlayStation, I could never equal (that)," the 20-year-old said at the sponsors' event.Mbappe and Pele had been scheduled to meet late last year but had to postpone, again because of Pele's health, French media said. (Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta in Paris; additional reporting by Andrew Downie; Writing by Richard Lough; Editing by Christian Radnedge and Toby Davis)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byJaguars Sign Veteran RBs Cunningham, BlueBy ReutersApril 2, 2019The Jacksonville Jaguars signed running back Benny Cunningham on Tuesday, one day after reaching an agreement with running back Alfred Blue.Both visited the team on Monday, and now both will back up Leonard Fournette on the depth chart. No terms were disclosed.Blue had been with the Houston Texans since they drafted him in the sixth round in 2014 out of LSU, the same school where Fournette played from 2014-16.Blue, who turns 28 this month, played in 72 games (16 starts) for the Texans and rushed for 2,407 yards with eight touchdowns. He added 69 catches for 479 yards and two scores.Blue has five career 100-yard rushing games, including one against Jacksonville on Jan. 3, 2016.Cunningham, 28, spent the last two seasons with the Chicago Bears after four seasons with the St. Louis and Los Angeles Rams.He has appeared in 86 games, rushing for 797 yards and four touchdowns and catching 114 passes for 1,001 yards and three scores. Cunningham also has returned 110 kickoffs for 2,895 yards.--Field Level MediaDOWNLOAD STORYAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byColumn: Masters Perfect Week to Forget Golf SquabblesBy The Associated PressApril 2, 2019AUSTIN, Texas — The Masters can't get here soon enough.Not because Tiger Woods is only six months removed from a victory in Georgia (East Lake) as he tries to end 11 years without a major and 14 years since he last won a green jacket. Or because Rory McIlroy won The Players Championship, hasn't finished out of the top 10 in all seven of his tournaments this year and is poised for maybe his best shot at completing the career Grand Slam.There's nothing like the soothing sights and ground-shaking sounds at Augusta National to get minds off far too many contentious moments this year.The opening act to the golf season has not been dull, just not always for the right reasons.More than "Who won what?" too much attention has been on "They did what?"Perhaps it was only fitting that two players under the most scrutiny this year — Sergio Garcia and Matt Kuchar — would share the stage at the Match Play in a quarterfinal meeting that jokingly was dubbed the "Apology Match."Garcia had to apologize for damaging five greens in the third round of the Saudi International, which led to disqualification and most likely would have led to suspension on any other tour. What might have spared Garcia is that he played so early and was so far off the lead there were no cameras.Kuchar finally got around to apologizing — and paying — after word got out that he gave the local Mexican caddie he hired for the week $5,000 from the $1,296,000 that Kuchar received for winning the Mayakoba Classic."That's not a story," Kuchar said tersely in January, except that it became one in February. Kuchar eventually paid the caddie $50,000 and apologized for being stubborn.There was no hint of history between Garcia and Kuchar until an awkward moment on the seventh green Saturday at Austin Country Club. Garcia had a 7-foot putt to win the hole, narrowly missed it and angrily reached out to backhand it into the cup, except that it swirled around the cup.Such a putt — lasers measured it at 4 inches — are accepted universally as good. Garcia reacted so quickly he never bothered to look up at Kuchar, which was his mistake. Kuchar, even if he was looking, could have walked to the next tee and it would be understood that the putt was good.Once the match referee became involved — the circumstances that led to Kuchar talking to the referee are unclear — there was no turning back. Shots can't be conceded after they have been hit. Kuchar said he didn't want to win the hole that way. Garcia suggested he could concede the next hole. Kuchar didn't like that option.As one high-ranking official versed in all the proper golf terminology observed, "The whole thing sucks."There were no winners in this one, except for Kuchar winning the match, which he might have done, anyway. Making it worse was a short video they made Monday to say it was much ado about nothing. It would have been more plausible if Kuchar hadn't changed his story.Kuchar said Saturday at a news conference: "He knew he made a mistake. I said I didn't want that to be how a hole was won or lost. And he said, 'Well, you can concede a hole.' I'm not sure I'm ready to concede a hole."Kuchar said in the Instagram video Monday that Sergio "never said to give me a hole."They should have stolen a page from New England Patriots coach Bill Belichick: Onto Augusta.Maybe by then, players who consider themselves athletes will have learned the art of bending over a few inches to drop a golf ball at knee level.The new Rules of Golf, a seven-year project to make them simple, received far too much attention for the wrong reasons. The idea behind a knee-high drop (instead of shoulder level) was to get the ball in play more quickly. One reason the players didn't like it is that it looked dumb. It reached a point at the Honda Classic that Rickie Fowler jokingly stooped and held the ball behind him under his legs, a different kind of "dropping."It looked bad, especially because Fowler said the previous week that the rules were not doing "any favors for our sport" after he forgot to drop from knee level (following a shank that went out-of-bounds).That's not to say there haven't been problems with the new rules, particularly with caddies standing behind their players. Justin Thomas spoke the loudest and was heard, and the rule was clarified overnight. But when Thomas brought up another situation involving caddie alignment at the Honda Classic, someone at the USGA lost his cool and tweeted that Thomas had canceled every meeting with the USGA and said to "call us."This time, it was the USGA apologizing because Thomas didn't cancel any meeting.In nearly every case involving the rules, PGA Tour players were quick to blame the USGA, even though every major golf organization — including their own — was part of the process. It was a reminder how much goodwill the USGA has lost in recent years, whether it was the ban on the stroke used for long putters or U.S. Opens that didn't go according to plan.That's one problem that might be forgotten at the Masters but won't go away just yet.AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byCardinals Sign Veteran CB BrockBy ReutersApril 2, 2019Veteran cornerback Tramaine Brock has signed a one-year deal with the Arizona Cardinals, the team announced Tuesday.Brock, 30, is entering his 10th season and adds depth and experience to the secondary behind starting corners Patrick Peterson and Robert Alford.Brock played 12 games with the Denver Broncos in 2018 and 11 games with the Minnesota Vikings in 2017 after spending his first seven seasons with the San Francisco 49ers.He has appeared in 103 games (45 starts) and has registered 11 interceptions and 209 tackles.Brock will be reunited with Cardinals defensive coordinator Vance Joseph, who was his head coach last year in Denver. Joseph also coached the defensive backs for San Francisco when Brock was a rookie in 2010.--Field Level MediaAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byNBA to Invest Millions of Dollars in New African LeagueBy ReutersApril 2, 2019NAIROBI — The NBA will invest millions of dollars in Basketball Africa League, its first professional league outside of North America, and will be hands-on in its operation, a top executive said on Tuesday. The NBA, in partnership with the International Basketball Federation (FIBA), is launching the Basketball Africa League in January 2020, featuring 12 teams from across the continent."This league will be fully operated by the NBA," Amadou Gallo Fall, the NBA's vice president for Africa, told Reuters by phone from Johannesburg. "Our expertise and best practices will be on display."The NBA generated $8 billion in revenue last season, according to Forbes, and industry players say audience interest in Africa has grown alongside the profile of Africans playing in the world's top basketball league.Cameroon's Joel Embiid, a 25-year old center for the Philadelphia 76ers has emerged as a top player in the NBA, signing a five-year contract with the team worth nearly $150 million in 2017. This season, Embiid and 24-year-old Giannis Antetokounmpo of the Milwaukee Bucks, born in Greece to Nigerian parents, are contenders to become the NBA's most valuable player. The NBA established an Africa office nine years ago. It held its first NBA Africa game in 2015. Games in 2017 and 2018 were played in front of sold-out crowds in South Africa. Basketball Africa League will involve six national champions -- from Nigeria, Angola, Morocco, Egypt, Tunisia and Senegal -- who will automatically qualify for the competition. The remaining six will come through international qualifiers later this year."It’s an opportunity through our partnership with FIBA to continue to strengthen the basketball ecosystem here," Fall said.He did not confirm exactly how much the NBA would be investing in the league but said it was millions of dollars. As the NBA courts African audiences, African players have been conquering the NBA. There were 13 African-born players on the rosters of NBA teams at the opening of the 2018/19 season, out of the 108 international players. That rises to about 40 if players with African parents are included, Fall said."It tremendously impacts the growth in popularity of the NBA," he added.The NBA began in March livestreaming on YouTube two games a week for free for viewers in sub-Saharan Africa, in a bid to build a larger fan base on the continent.The league opened an elite basketball academy in Senegal in 2017, which along with its Basketball Without Borders Africa program, has showcased African talent hoping to play for NBA teams or U.S. colleges.The next step is for an African basketball team to secure an Olympic medal, Fall said."That day is coming soon," he added. (Editing by Katharine Houreld and Toby Davis)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byNorth Carolina Women’s Coaches Put on LeaveImageCoach Sylvia Hatchell is on paid leave while her program is investigated.CreditCreditTony Gutierrez/Associated PressBy Victor MatherApril 2, 2019The University of North Carolina has put the staff of its women’s basketball team on indefinite leave pending an investigation into the program.In a statement, the university said the investigation was prompted by “issues raised by student-athletes and others.”A Charlotte law firm will review the program. The head coach, Sylvia Hatchell, and her three assistants will be paid during the investigation.“Of course, I will cooperate fully in this review,” Hatchell said in a statement Monday, after the university announced its decision. “I look forward to a prompt conclusion of this matter and the continuation of our very successful women’s basketball program.”Hatchell, who has coached the team since 1986, is in the basketball Hall of Fame in Springfield, Mass. She won the national championship in 1994 and made two other Final Fours.Several highly touted players have transferred away from North Carolina in recent years, notably Diamond DeShields, who despite a strong freshman year on court moved on to Tennessee and then the W.N.B.A.Hatchell, 67, was found to have leukemia in 2013, but after treatment returned to the team.This season North Carolina was 18-15 and returned for the first time in four years to the N.C.A.A. tournament, where it lost in the first round.But her tenure recently has been rocky. Most notably, the team was at the center of an N.C.A.A. investigation into fake African Studies classes largely populated by athletes who got high grades for little, if any, work.Many of the accusations in the case focused on Jan Boxill, an academic adviser to the women’s basketball team, who was said to have improperly helped players academically and steered them to the bogus courses. She eventually resigned from the university.The N.C.A.A. eventually ruled that the team would receive no penalties because the classes were also available to nonathletes.The university has not elaborated on the nature of the complaints that prompted the new investigation.A version of this article appears in print on , on Page B10 of the New York edition with the headline: North Carolina Puts Women’s Coaching Staff on Leave. Order Reprints | Today’s Paper | SubscribeRelated CoverageN.C.A.A.: North Carolina Will Not Be Punished for Academic ScandalOct. 13, 2017ImageAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byReal Madrid Unveil Plans for 'Digital Stadium of the Future'By ReutersApril 2, 2019MADRID — Real Madrid's planned stadium renovation will provide fresh sources of income for the club, president Florentino Perez said on Tuesday at the unveiling of designs for a revamped Santiago Bernabeu.The facelift is expected to be completed by 2023 and will cost an estimated 525 million euros, although it will not lead to an increase in capacity on the current 81,000 spectators.Last September club members approved Real going into debt of up to 575 million euros for 30 to 35 years to pay for the modernisation plan."We want this to be a great digital stadium of the future, and it will be paid for by the income its renovation will provide, and it will make Real Madrid more competitive at a time when the footballing landscape is becoming ever less certain," Perez said.A retractible roof will be built, and the stadium will be wrapped in a titanium facade, while a 360 degree scoreboard will also be installed.Pedestrian areas will be built along with an expanded megastore and museum as well as restaurants and bars, to generate more revenue for the 13-times European champions.Perez said details of how the project will be financed will be revealed next week, adding that construction will begin at the end of this season.Real Madrid's rivals Barcelona are also undertaking a revamp of their stadium which will increase the Nou Camp's capacity from 99,000 to 105,000 and is set to be finished by the 2023/2024 season. (Reporting by Richard Martin; Editing by Hugh Lawson)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byBryce Harper Soars Amid Jeers in His Old HomeImageThe Phillies’ Bryce Harper crushing a two-run homer in the eighth against his former team, the Washington Nationals.CreditCreditBrad Mills/USA Today Sports, via ReutersBy The Associated PressApril 2, 2019WASHINGTON — The first boos, guttural and loud, greeted Bryce Harper during pregame introductions 15 minutes ahead of the rain-delayed first pitch Tuesday night, as he stood in the Nationals Park visitors’ dugout wearing his Philadelphia Phillies uniform — and hours before he marked his second-deck homer with an epic bat flip.Now THAT is a bat flip from Bryce Harper 😳(via @MLBNetwork) pic.twitter.com/FCGJEAZWH1— ESPN (@espn) April 3, 2019
The jeers kept coming, filling the chilly air when Harper walked to the plate as the No. 3 hitter for Philadelphia, his initial at-bat as a Washington opponent. More hostility came while he awaited each pitch from Max Scherzer, all of that negativity interrupted only by the sheer-joy roars after each strike of his eventual whiff, which concluded with a swing-and-miss at a changeup.Harper had said he expected a mixed reaction from spectators in his return to Washington after leaving via free agency to sign a $330 million, 13-year deal with the Phillies. It sounded one-sided.Adding to the theatrics of it all, Harper delivered a no-doubt-about-it homer off Jeremy Hellickson in the eighth inning, a two-run shot that traveled about 450 feet and put the Phillies ahead, 8-2, which would be the final score. That topped off a 3-for-5 showing with three R.B.I., and Harper sent his bat twirling in the direction of his former dugout, then engaged in elaborately choreographed celebrations with his current teammates.In the bottom half of the first, there was booing as Harper headed out to play right field — where fans in the front row of the bleachers wore shirts that spelled out “T-R-A-I-T-O-R” — and when he caught Adam Eaton’s fly for the first out.After striking out in his first two at-bats, Harper doubled off Scherzer in the fifth, then singled in a run off lefty reliever Matt Grace in the sixth. He reacted to both with an exaggerated wave toward the Phillies’ dugout. Fans who made the trek down I-95 from Philadelphia regaled him with chants of “M-V-P!” and “We got Harper!”Hours earlier, wearing a black baseball hat with “Positive Vibes” stitched in white and an attitude to match, Harper described his arrival this way: “Just coming to another stadium, and try to do my job.”Until last week, the Nationals were the only big league club the 26-year-old Harper had played for, an organization that drafted him No. 1 overall in 2010 and brought him to the majors as a teen. Washington’s uniform was the one he wore when he won Rookie of the Year and most valuable player honors, when he earned six All-Star selections in seven seasons — including last year, when he stole the show by winning the Home Run Derby in Washington.“It’s where I grew up,” he said.But the Nationals offered him less money than the Phillies did, with millions that would be deferred for decades. So he moved on.He posted a “Thank you” message Tuesday to Nationals fans and the city of Washington on Instagram. The only time Harper really betrayed a hint of real emotion before the game was when he choked on his words while talking about how he and his wife, Kayla, are expecting their first baby.Otherwise, he spoke about being “excited for the next chapter” and “pumped” to be back.“I imagine it’s got to be a little weird. A ton of emotions,” Phillies first baseman Rhys Hoskins said. “Obviously he gave a ton to this organization. And he and Kayla gave a ton to this city. I hope people don’t forget about that. It’s been talked about for a while, too, so I’m sure there’s a ton of buildup for him.”Across the ballpark, Nationals players spoke about facing him instead of relying on him.“For a lot of us in here, we’ve turned the page and we’re focused on this season,” closer Sean Doolittle said. “We’ve kind of come to grips with it.”A version of this article appears in print on , on Page B8 of the New York edition with the headline: After Hearing Boos, Harper Lets His Bat Do the Talking. Order Reprints | Today’s Paper | SubscribeAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byFulham Owner Khan Apologises to Fans After Relegation to Second TierBy ReutersApril 3, 2019(Reuters) - Fulham chairman Shahid Khan has apologised to the club's supporters after the London club were relegated from the Premier League following a 4-1 defeat at Watford on Tuesday.Needing at least a point to extend their battle against the drop, there was a glimmer of hope with the score 1-1 at halftime. However, they then conceded three times to ensure they follow Huddersfield Town into the second-tier Championship."I'm sorry that we let you down," Khan said on Wednesday in a statement on the club's website."Our goal this season was to build on what we achieved in promotion and deliver on our pledge to invest heavily in the squad, ensuring that Fulham would always compete in the Premier League and, no matter the result, never disappoint."Last night's outcome made official what we didn't think would be possible in August and tried desperately to remedy and avoid as the season wore on."The club spent an estimated 100 million pounds ($131.79 million) on new players in the close season after gaining promotion to the top flight. But they failed to click as a team, even naming three managers over the course of the season with Slavisa Jokanovic being replaced in November by Claudio Ranieri, who was then sacked in February and succeeded by interim coach Scott Parker."We hold ourselves accountable," Khan added. "We will reflect, plan thoroughly and respond accordingly. In the weeks ahead we will communicate further as to our vision for the future."Fulham, who have the worst defensive record in the league having conceded 76 goals in 33 games, could still finish bottom with Huddersfield only three points behind with a game in hand. (Reporting by Rohith Nair in Bengaluru; Editing by Christian Radnedge)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byDoping: Marathon Organizers Invest Heavily in 'Intelligent' TestingBy ReutersApril 2, 2019ZURICH — The organizers of six of the world's most prestigious marathon races are spending a six-figure sum on an "intelligent", targeted anti-doping program in an attempt to root out cheats.The Abbott World Marathon Majors, which groups six of the world's best-known races, says the lucrative rewards on offer in road racing make it especially vulnerable to doping."Running is a fantastic sport and it is vital there is integrity in the results," said Tim Hadzima, executive director of the consortium which groups the Boston, New York, Chicago, Tokyo, London and Berlin marathons."It is the most lucrative discipline there is...therefore it has a high risk of doping," he told a conference call on the new program.The winners of the men's and women's Boston Marathon, for example, each received $150,000 last year, while in New York they earned $100,000.Hadzima did not give an exact figure for the cost of the testing program but he said it would be a "decent six-figure sum."The program will be implemented together with Athletics Integrity United (AIU), set up in 2017 as part of the IAAF's effort to tackle doping and corruption and rebuild both athletes' and fans' confidence in the sport.The testing pool of 150 athletes will remain the same, but the traditional system of out-of-competition tests will be replaced with a more "intelligent" approach."We have a pool of athletes and we look at them all individually, track their performances, analyze profiles and look at risk factors to group them into high risk, medium risk and low risk," said Brett Clothier, head of the AIU. "Individualized testing plans are created, and we look at athletes' whereabouts, their program, and when we identify someone we consider high risk, we do a deep dive."There have been a number of high-profile doping cases involving road running over the past few years.Russia's Lilya Shobukhova was stripped of her three Chicago and one London marathon wins and suspended for two years and seven months after irregularities were detected in her biological passport.Others banned for doping offences include Kenyans Samuel Kalalei, who won the Athens marathon in 2017, Rita Jeptoo, former winner of the women's Boston and Chicago races, and women's Olympic champion Jemima Sumgong.Sumgong, winner in Rio in 2016, was banned for four years in 2017 after testing positive for the blood-booster EPO, later doubled to eight years after she was found guilty by the IAAF of providing false information.Clothier added that the deeper causes of doping also needed to be investigated."You have literally thousands of road races around the world offering good money," said Clothier."The road runners can go around the world and earn good money compared to average salaries in East Africa, for example. We need to address the root causes to protect what is a great sport." (Writing by Brian Homewood; Editing by Hugh Lawson)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byMLB Roundup: Phillies' Harper Gets Last Laugh in Return to D.C.By ReutersApril 3, 2019Bryce Harper had three hits, including a home run, in his return to Washington, and the Philadelphia Phillies defeated the Nationals 8-2 on Tuesday night.After striking out in his first two at-bats, Harper doubled, singled in a run and blasted a 458-foot, two-run homer into the upper deck in right center at the stadium he called home for seven seasons.Maikel Franco homered and reached base five times for the Phillies, and Jean Segura (three hits) drove in three runs with a bases-loaded double.Zach Eflin (1-0) pitched five scoreless innings, allowing three hits and a walk while striking out nine. Max Scherzer (0-2) allowed two runs -- one earned -- on seven hits and a walk in five innings. He struck out nine.A's 1, Red Sox 0Matt Chapman homered, Mike Fiers pitched six shutout innings and Ramon Laureano made a potential game-saving throw as host Oakland edged Boston after Chapman cleared the wall in the opening inning against Red Sox ace Chris Sale (0-2).The loss is Boston's fourth in a row and second to the A's. The Red Sox never lost more than three in a row last season en route to winning the World Series.The right-handed Fiers (2-1) allowed five hits and didn't issue a walk while striking out three. With one out in the ninth, Xander Bogaerts hit the ball off the fence in right-center, but hesitated rounding second base when Laureano unleashed a one-hop throw home to narrowly retire him.Diamondbacks 8, Padres 5Pitcher Zack Greinke drove in four runs with two of the five homers hit by Arizona, which scored a second straight win over host San Diego.There were a total of eight homers in Arizona's win. Ketel Marte, John Ryan Murphy and Christian Walker also homered for the Diamondbacks. Hunter Renfroe homered twice for the Padres off Greinke. Wil Myers hit a two-run, pinch-hit homer off Andrew Chafin in the seventh for San Diego.Greinke (1-1) gave up three runs on six hits with 10 strikeouts in six innings. Eric Lauer (1-1), who gave up four runs on two homers after pitching 9 1/3 straight scoreless innings to start the season, took the loss.Twins 5, Royals 4 (10 innings)Nelson Cruz had two hits and drove in three runs, including the game-winner with two outs in the 10th inning, as visiting Minnesota beat Kansas City.Cruz, who also had a two-run double, drove in Willians Astudillo, who opened the 10th with a bloop single to right off reliever Brad Boxberger (0-1). Astudillo advanced to second on a two-out walk to Jorge Polanco before Cruz drove him in with a single to right.Max Kepler had two hits, two walks and scored a run, and C.J. Cron and Polanco also had two hits for the Twins. Trevor Hildenberger (1-0) picked up the win, while Blake Parker earned his first save.Tigers 3, Yankees 1Dustin Peterson hit a tiebreaking double off Aroldis Chapman with one out in the top of the ninth inning, and visiting Detroit edged New York.Peterson recorded his first career hit and first career RBI when he laced a 95 mph fastball well over left fielder Mike Tauchman's head. The ball bounced to the base of the fence and easily allowed Niko Goodrum to score.Before Peterson's hit gave Detroit its third win of the season, John Hicks hit a game-tying double off Masahiro Tanaka in the sixth.Dodgers 6, Giants 5The home runs keep coming for Los Angeles, who got a grand slam from Cody Bellinger and held on against visiting San Francisco, which scored three runs in the ninth inning and had the tying run on third base with one out.Dodgers closer Kenley Jansen got Pablo Sandoval to hit into a 6-4-3 double play to end the game. Bellinger's blast was his fifth of the season, putting him into the National League lead. It was also the 17th of the season for the Dodgers in six games to tie a major league record.The Giants got a home run of their own from starting pitcher Madison Bumgarner (0-2), who also gave up five runs (none earned) on five hits with two walks and four strikeouts over six innings on the mound. Hyun-Jin Ryu (2-0) gave up two runs on six hits over seven innings.Mariners 2, Angels 1Marco Gonzales allowed four hits in 8 1 /3 innings, and Seattle defeated visiting Los Angeles after Daniel Vogelbach hit a tiebreaking home run in the bottom of the eighth inning.The Mariners improved to 7-1, breaking a franchise record for the best start to a season. Seattle started 6-1 in 1984, 1985 and 1995.Gonzales (3-0) gave up a one-out single to Mike Trout in the first inning, a leadoff double to Jonathan Lucroy in the second, a two-out single to Lucroy in the seventh and a one-out single to Andrelton Simmons in the ninth. The left-hander walked one and struck out three.Rangers 6, Astros 4Joey Gallo, known for his long ball, singled through the right side of a drawn-in infield to bring home the go-ahead and winning runs in the seventh inning, and Texas held on against visiting Houston.The Rangers chased a shaky Justin Verlander in the fifth inning, a frame that started with a Shin-Soo Choo triple to deep center. Elvis Andrus, 2-for-4 on the night, and Nomar Mazara followed with RBI singles to take Texas from down 3-2 to up 4-3.Rangers starter Shelby Miller lasted 3 2/3 innings, giving up two runs on five hits, but he was also his own worst enemy with five walks that ramped his pitch total to 88 in his Texas debut.Mets 6, Marlins 5Amed Rosario slashed a two-run double during a five-run first inning, and Justin Wilson earned his first save since 2017 as New York held on to beat host Miami.Wilson Ramos and Dominic Smith each went 2-for-5 with one RBI for the Mets, who clinched their second straight series to start the year.Jason Vargas (1-0) earned the win, allowing eight hits, one walk and two runs in five innings. Marlins Opening Day starter Jose Urena (0-2) took the loss, allowing seven hits, one walk and five runs in four inningsOrioles 2, Blue Jays 1Andrew Cashner pitched six scoreless innings, Jonathan Villar delivered an RBI triple and visiting Baltimore beat Toronto to win the first two games of the three-game series.Cashner (1-1) allowed four hits and three walks while striking out three. Miguel Castro earned his first save of the season despite allowing the second homer of the season by Toronto's Rowdy Tellez with one out in the bottom of the ninth.Toronto starter Marcus Stroman (0-1) allowed two runs in 5 2/3 innings, yielding nine hits and one walk while striking out five.Rays 4, Rockies 0Reigning American League Cy Young Award winner Blake Snell returned to his 2018 form, firing seven shutout innings and striking out 13 in Tampa Bay's win over visiting Colorado in St. Petersburg, Fla.Snell (1-1) was roughed up by the Astros in an opening-day loss last Thursday, but he bewildered the Rockies from the first pitch, allowing just two hits and one walk in his 102-pitch outing. Reliever Wilmer Font closed out the game with two scoreless innings.Rockies starter Kyle Freeland (1-1) allowed two runs on three hits and four walks, struck out 10 and was replaced with two outs in the fifth inning at 99 pitches. Trevor Story had the only two hits -- both singles -- for Colorado, which has dropped four straight.Brewers 4, Reds 3Orlando Arcia hit a three-run home run in the sixth inning, and right-hander Jhoulys Chacin (2-0) allowed two runs in 5 1/3 innings as visiting Milwaukee beat Cincinnati.Arcia's two-out blast ended his 0-for-16 hitless drought to open the season and broke a 1-1 tie. It came when the Reds decided to pitch to him with first base open, Chacin on deck and Ryan Braun appearing ready to pinch hit.Reds right-hander Michael Lorenzen was summoned after lefty Zach Duke (1-1) allowed a walk, a long single and a stolen base. Arcia hit Lorenzen's second pitch just over the fence in right field.--Field Level MediaAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported by'Best Ever' Messi Constant in Barca Evolution, Says VillaBy ReutersApril 3, 2019KOBE, Japan — Lionel Messi is the best player ever and Barcelona owe their success to their evolution to a more direct style from a possession-based passing game, the club's former player David Villa has said.Barcelona currently have an eight-point lead in La Liga over Atletico Madrid ahead of Saturday's showdown between the sides and also face Manchester United in the Champions League quarter-final this month.Messi has been central to Barcelona's success, scoring 42 goals across all competitions and proving the side's talisman time and again.He will turn 32 in June but Villa, who played alongside the Argentine forward at Barcelona for three years, does not see him slowing down."It is difficult to be surprised with Leo," Villa, who now plays for Vissel Kobe in Japan, told Reuters in an interview."He is the best. He has always shown everybody in the world that he is the best... Every game that you can watch him is a pleasure."For those who have seen Messi during his 15-year career at Barcelona, there was no doubting his place in the pantheon of footballing greats, Villa said."Obviously (there were) Pele, Maradona, players like (Johan) Cruyff. I didn't have the opportunity to watch them like I watched Messi every day, every game... But, for me, Messi is the best," said Villa."He is good in everything that he does."Barcelona have adapted their style of play since the 'tiki-taka' days under Pep Guardiola, playing in a faster, more-direct fashion currently.Villa, who won the Champions League with Barca in 2011, lauded the changes made in the pursuit of success."I am very happy with the things that we did when we played in Barcelona, with the style that we had, the trophies that we took," said Villa, who left Barcelona for Atletico in 2013."Soccer is changing every day and you need to accommodate yourself and your team to the things that happen in the moment. I think that it is a different Barcelona but at the same time a great team as well."Despite the time difference, Villa said he will be keenly following Saturday's contest between two of his former sides at the Nou Camp. (Reporting by Jack Tarrant; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byWarnock's Criticism of Referees Understandable, Says GuardiolaBy ReutersApril 2, 2019(Reuters) - Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola said he understood how Cardiff City boss Neil Warnock felt after his criticism of the referees and their head Mike Riley following Chelsea's controversial 2-1 win over the Welsh club on Sunday.Warnock, whose side are fighting to avoid relegation, had said the standard of officiating in the Premier League had gone backwards because former referee Riley was at the helm of the body responsible for match officials in English soccer.Cardiff had been heading for a win until Chelsea captain Cesar Azpilicueta headed in a late goal despite appearing to be offside. Chelsea then scored one more to take all three points."Is there someone who cannot understand his reaction (to Sunday's decisions)? It is tough for managers, clubs, and players who want to stay in the Premier League," Guardiola told reporters on Tuesday."It's a big issue. We have empathy with his position, we can understand completely."City, who are two points behind league leaders Liverpool, will return to the top of the standings if they beat 18th-placed Cardiff on Wednesday.However, Guardiola said his side would still be motivated to play against a team that has lost four of its last five games and nearly beat Chelsea."Cardiff are alive, based on what I saw against Chelsea," Guardiola added. "It's not a team that is already done. We know how we are going to play and it is a final every game. It (motivation) will not be a problem."City striker Sergio Aguero, who leads the league's goal scoring charts with 19 goals, will not be available after picking up a hamstring injury in the 2-0 win at Fulham over the weekend, with Gabriel Jesus expected to start instead."He (Aguero) didn't train for the last two days, and tomorrow he is not able, so hopefully (he will be ready) for Saturday or Tuesday," Guardiola said. "We will see the evolution in the next days." (Reporting by Rohith Nair in Bengaluru; Editing by Hugh Lawson)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byWTA Roundup: Bertens, Muguruza Begin Defense of Tournament TitlesBy ReutersApril 3, 2019No. 2 seed Kiki Bertens kicked off defense of her title at the Volvo Car Open in Charleston, S.C., on Tuesday, losing just three games against Italy's Martina Trevisan in the tournament's second round.Bertens, the world No. 6 from the Netherlands, needed just 59 minutes to defeat the Italian qualifier 6-2, 6-1. Bertens had just 11 unforced errors compared to 21 for Trevisan."It's always tough for the first match on clay," Bertens told WTAtennis.com. "In the beginning, I was searching for the rhythm and not putting too much on the ball. From there, I started playing a little bit more aggressive, and in the end, I was happy with my game."It was Bertens' first match of the season on clay, while Trevisan was playing in her fourth of the week. Bertens will next face either No. 15 seed Maria Sakkari of Greece or former champion Andrea Petkovic of Germany, who each won on Tuesday.Top seed Sloane Stephens of the United States also moved on after defeating Spain's Sara Sorribes Tormo 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) in a hard-fought match that went 2 hours and 37 minutes.In other seeded action Tuesday, No. 11 seed Danielle Collins shut down Madison Brengle, 6-1, 6-3, in a battle of Americans, while No. 12 Mihaela Buzarnescu of Romania needed three sets to defeat Poland's Magdalena Frech, 6-1, 4-6, 7-5. Sakkari also went to three sets against Switzerland's Conny Perrin, 7-5, 3-6, 6-1, and Petra Martic, the 16 seed from Croatia, outlasted Amanda Anisimova, 6-4, 2-6, 6-1.Abierto GNP SegurosThe No. 2 seed in Monterrey, Mexico, had a much more difficult time in the first match of her title defense, as Garbine Muguruza came back from deficits in both sets to defeat Elena-Gabriela Ruse of Romania.Muguruza, from Spain, rallied from a double-break deficit in the first set and was twice a break down in the second, saving a total of three set points before prevailing, 6-4, 7-6 (4)."It was a tough match for the first round. With all the conditions, I just had to fight and never lose the hope," Muguruza said afterward. "I have five matches in total. Today was the first one, and I'm looking forward (to defending my title) one by one."Muguruza will next face Russia's Margarita Gasparyan, who rolled past Mexican wild-card Victoria Rodriguez, 6-1, 6-0 on Monday.Also moving on Tuesday were No. 1 seed Angelique Kerber of Germany, who battled Kristina Kucova of Slovakia, 7-6 (4), 6-2; No. 3 seed and four-time winner Anastasia Pavlyuchenko, who lost just three games to fellow Russian Anna Blinkova, 6-0, 6-3; while No. 7 seed Kristina Mladenovic of France got past Brazilian Beatriz Haddad Maia, 6-4, 1-6, 7-6 (5).In other seeded action, Belarus No. 5 Victoria Azarenka defeated Japan's Miyu Kato 6-4, 6-2, while American No. 4 Alison Riske fell to countrywoman Sachia Vickery 7-6 (6), 6-1.--Field Level MediaAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byGerman Soccer President Grindel Steps Down After CriticismBy The Associated PressApril 2, 2019BERLIN — German soccer federation president Reinhard Grindel resigned Tuesday, bowing to increasing pressure following allegations of undeclared earnings, the receipt of a luxury watch and general discontent with his leadership.Grindel, who promised greater transparency after taking over in April 2016, apologized for accepting a watch worth about 6,000 euros ($6,700) from Ukrainian oligarch Grigoriy Surkis - a UEFA vice president and executive committee member at the time."Everyone who knows me knows that I am not greedy and have been dealing with compliance issues for years," Grindel said in a statement issued by the federation. "Mr. Surkis had no financial interest in the DFB (German federation). He never asked me for any support, then or after. It was clear at the time that he would not run again for UEFA's ExCo, to which he no longer belongs. There was and is no conflict of interest for me."The federation said vice presidents Rainer Koch and Reinhard Rauball would take over on an interim basis until September. Koch and Rauball also took over after Grindel's predecessor, Wolfgang Niersbach, stepped down in November 2015 amid the fall out from allegations that Germany's bid to host the World Cup in 2006 was helped by bribery. Niersbach's predecessor, Theo Zwanziger, stepped down in 2012.Grindel's tenure as president was the shortest in the 114 years of the federation.On Monday, the 47-year-old Grindel avoided the red carpet at the opening of the German soccer museum in Dortmund.Grindel was accused by German weekly magazine Der Spiegel last week of failing to declare additional income of 78,000 euros ($87,000) for being chairman of the federation's subsidiary media management company in 2016 and 2017 - on top of his regular salary as president.The federation issued a statement to reject the accusations, saying Grindel took on the position with its subsidiary company only after he became president, and so was not obliged to declare the earnings at the time.But criticism of Grindel was growing louder."When you're in such a position and such things come to light, you should at last have arguments to put them aside as soon as possible," former West Germany midfielder Lothar Matthaeus said. "The DFB has been on shaky ground before."Grindel was already under fire for his clumsy attempts to engage with fans while increasing the commercial appeal of German soccer. Monday night games, late kickoff times, and a ban on pyrotechnics have all proved unpopular with fans, who frequently display banners at games criticizing the federation.The former federation treasurer also emerged badly from his ham-fisted attempts to handle the controversy of national team players Mesut Ozil and Ilkay Gundogan posing for photos with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan before the 2018 World Cup.Ozil quit after the tournament, saying he was being made a scapegoat for the team's poor performance and a target for racist abuse - and he was particularly scathing of Grindel, who subsequently expressed his regret over his handling of the matter.Grindel was criticized for agreeing to a hasty contract extension with Germany coach Joachim Loew after the tournament, while he recently complained about Loew's decision to drop Mats Hummels, Jerome Boateng and Thomas Mueller from the team - before doubling back.Grindel was also embarrassed in 2017 when a scheme to allow China's under-20 team to play against fourth-division clubs was abandoned because of protests from supporters displaying Tibetan flags.Andreas Rettig, managing director of second-division club St. Pauli, said at the opening of the new soccer museum that Grindel would not get a place in its hall of fame."The DFB's appearance," Rettig said, "has long been in need of improvement."___AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byInter Coach Says Icardi Will Return to the Side on WednesdayBy ReutersApril 2, 2019MILAN — Inter Milan forward Mauro Icardi, out of the team and clearly out of favour since mid-February amid protracted contract-renewal talks, will return for Wednesday's Serie A match at Genoa, coach Luciano Spalletti said Tuesday.Inter's leading scorer in each of the last four seasons was stripped of the captain's armband after becoming embroiled in negotiations over a new contract. The Argentine then said he could not play because of a knee problem.But the situation appears to have rectified itself."Icardi has been selected and tomorrow will be in the starting line-up," Spalletti told a press conference. "The conditions are now right for Mauro to help the team again."He's displayed the right reaction," the coach added. "He's trained well in the past few days... Blood, sweat and tears are needed when you play for our colours."Inter, chasing a top-four finish which would earn them a Champions League place next season, are third in Serie A although only eight points separate them from Torino in ninth.Icardi returned to training last week after negotiations between his lawyer and the club, but he was left out of the team by Spalletti for Sunday's match at home to Lazio, which Inter lost 1-0.Spalletti's tone on Tuesday was markedly different from after Sunday's match when he said it had been "humiliating" for Inter to have to negotiate with a player to get him to play.On Tuesday he said that chief executive Giuseppe Marotta had played a crucial role in patching up the situation and that there were no rifts between Icardi and the rest of the squad."Our squad is united as one. We're strong," he insisted. (Writing by Brian Homewood; Editing by Hugh Lawson)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byMurray Returns to Court After Hip SurgeryBy ReutersApril 2, 2019(Reuters) - Andy Murray has returned to a tennis court two months after undergoing hip resurfacing surgery.Murray, who has not played competitively since his first round exit at the Australian Open in January, said last month he could possibly play at Wimbledon as he was now pain free after the surgery.The 31-year-old posted a short video on Instagram, where he was seen hitting the ball in an outdoor court while rallying with a wall with a caption, "It's a start."Murray had said he was not sure he could play in the singles draw at Wimbledon, a tournament he has won twice, but targeted a possible return in doubles at this year's tournament as it put less stress on his hip.The three-times Grand Slam champion compared his situation to that of American doubles player Bob Bryan who returned to the court 5-1/2 months after a similar procedure.This year's Wimbledon begins on July 1. (Reporting by Rohith Nair in Bengaluru, editing by Pritha Sarkar)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byZidane Wants Varane to Stay but Is Ambiguous About Bale FutureBy ReutersApril 2, 2019MADRID — Real Madrid coach Zinedine Zidane said on Tuesday he cannot envisage his side parting with France defender Raphael Varane but he could not give any guarantees about the future of winger Gareth Bale.French newspaper L'Equipe reported last month that World Cup winner Varane was looking to leave Madrid after eight seasons in the Spanish capital, in which he has won four Champions League crowns and two La Liga titles.Speaking at a news conference ahead of Real's La Liga visit to Valencia on Wednesday, Zidane dismissed reports about Varane's supposed departure. "I cannot imagine a future without Varane and I don't want to. He's a young player, he has been here for eight years and he is doing very well," Zidane said. "I'm not going to comment on what is being said outside. The important thing is what the player tells me and for now he's at the best club in the world, he's won a lot of things and I think he is in a good place."The future of Bale, the club's record signing, is more uncertain as he was again subjected to boos from Real's own supporters during Sunday's 3-2 win over Huesca, in which he missed an opportunity to score from close range.Zidane admitted the supporters were not helping the Welshman but he refused to clarify if Bale would remain at the club next season."I don't know how it affects him but booing a player is never good, they also booed me but you have to accept it and every player who is here has the character to deal with it," Zidane said. "We'll decide the future of Gareth and other players at the end of the season, we've got nine games left and then we'll see. I can confirm that we will have to make changes next season but now is not the time to talk about it."Madrid are third in the La Liga standings with nine games left of the campaign, 12 points adrift of runaway leaders Barcelona. They are already out of the Champions League and Copa del Rey. (Reporting by Richard Martin, editing by Pritha Sarkar)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byGonzales Pitches Into 9th, Mariners 7-1 for First TimeBy The Associated PressApril 3, 2019SEATTLE — Marco Gonzales and Scott Servais had a little argument after the eighth inning. Gonzales, Seattle's No. 1 left-hander, wanted to finish what he started. As his manager, Servais wasn't looking to push Gonzales' pitch count too early in the season."We had a discussion," Gonzales said. "It ended with me saying I want it. He looked me in the eyes and said, 'It's your game.' There was no doubt in my mind I was going back out."Gonzales pitched into the ninth but couldn't quite finish up after Dan Vogelbach hit a tiebreaking homer an inning earlier. Anthony Swarzak, coming off the injured list, finished up the Mariners' 2-1 win over the Los Angeles Angels, which propelled them to 7-1 for the first time in franchise history.Gonzales (3-0) was hoping to pitch the first complete game in baseball this season, but a one-out walk to Mike Trout and a single to center by Andlelton Simmons ended his night.Swarzak, who came off the IL on Tuesday, earned the save in his first appearance of the season by striking out Albert Pujols and getting Jonathan Lucroy to ground out to second."What a homestead,'" Servais said. "We got a chance to show everyone what this team is all about. And what an outing by Marco. He had all his pitches working. I gave him a chance in the ninth to finish it. He has some bulldog in him."Gonzales allowed four hits and retired 17 consecutive hitters from the second inning until the seventh. He didn't walk anyone until Trout in the ninth. He struck out three.Vogelbach homered off Luis Garcia (0-1) and also doubled in the third inning. He didn't know he was starting until an hour before the game when Edwin Encarnacion was a late scratch because of left wrist discomfort after getting jammed in an at-bat Monday night."You have to be ready when your name is called," Vogelbach said. "But this night was all about Marco. I'm so glad we were able to get him the win."The Angels scored a run in the second after a leadoff double by Lucroy. Angels starter Trevor Cahill pitched five scoreless innings before the Mariners tied it in the sixth with doubles by Dee Gordon and Mitch Haniger."Gonzales did a nice job, but we're clearly struggling," Angels manager Brad Ausmus said. "We're scuffling. This opening road trip was a struggle for us offensively. It certainly can't keep up, though."ROSTER MOVESMariners: RHP David McKay was optioned to Triple-A Tacoma to make room for Swarzak, part of the seven-player deal with the Mets on Dec. 3, 2018. Swarzak missed most of spring training and the first seven regular season games with a right shoulder inflammation.TRAINER'S ROOMMariners: RHP Shawn Armstrong (left oblique strain) will begin a rehab assignment with Triple-A Tacoma later this week in Sacramento.UP NEXTAngels: RHP Matt Harvey (0-0, 3.00) will make his second start of the season Thursday when the Angels play host to the Rangers. Harvey pitched six innings and carried a no-hitter into the fifth of his Angels debut at Oakland before giving up a two-run homer to Khris Davis.Mariners: LHP Yusei Kikuchi (0-0, 2.53) will make his third start Thursday in Chicago when the Mariners start a three-game series against the White Sox. It will be Kikuchi's first start since his father died of cancer over the weekend. The Japanese pitcher chose to remain with Seattle, respecting the wishes his father expressed when they last saw each other during Seattle's season-opening series in Tokyo.___AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byForget Quadruple, Focus on Cardiff, Says GuardiolaBy ReutersApril 2, 2019(Reuters) - Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola has told his players to put thoughts of a potential quadruple to the back of their minds and focus on Wednesday's game against Cardiff City in the Premier League.With the League Cup already in the bag, Guardiola's side are second in the league, two points behind Liverpool but with a game in hand, and have reached the quarter-finals of the Champions League and semi-finals of the FA Cup.While his side have every chance of claiming all three remaining titles still up for grabs, Guardiola said they could just as easily come away with nothing."In one week or three days we can lose all three titles," he told a news conference on Tuesday. "Why talk about the quadruple when in this country - a legendary country - it has never happened before."Legendary teams like Liverpool, the period (of Manchester United) with Alex Ferguson, Jose Mourinho at Chelsea, Arsene Wenger with Arsenal - no one did it. So why should we do it?"Victory over Cardiff would lift City back above Liverpool before they face Brighton and Hove Albion in the FA Cup semis on Saturday. They then face Tottenham Hotspur in the first leg of their Champions League tie on Tuesday."I'm not in the minds of my players and the fans to tell them what to think," Guardiola added. "If they want to dream and think about winning everything, I'm not a guy to say anything."Of course we are there but I said to the players, 'Forget about it, don't think too much. In one week or three days we can lose all three titles, that's the reality. "I know in your heads we can win all the titles, but for now it's Cardiff.'" (Reporting by Simon Jennings in Bengaluru; Editing by Peter Rutherford)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported bySpurs Claim 21st Straight Home Win Over Hawks, 117-111By The Associated PressApril 2, 2019SAN ANTONIO — The San Antonio Spurs needed someone to help veterans DeMar DeRozan and LaMarcus Aldridge carry the load as the long season draws to a close. Derrick White provided the needed lift.DeRozan scored 29 points and the Spurs defeated Atlanta 117-111 Tuesday night for their 21st straight win at home over the depleted Hawks."The last couple of games, I felt like I kind of let them down, so I wanted to step up and help them out," White said.White, in his second year, scored 23 points after scoring 20 total points in his previous four games.The win kept San Antonio seventh in the Western Conference after Oklahoma City defeated the Los Angeles Lakers 119-103 on Tuesday behind Russell Westbrook's historic game. Westbrook joined Wilt Chamberlain as the only players in league history with at least 20 points, rebounds and assists in a game.The Hawks, who were eliminated from the playoffs last month, entered Tuesday's game having won six of 10. Atlanta led by as many as nine points in the second half despite missing six players due to injury, before San Antonio rallied in the fourth to avoid its second straight loss at home."Stops win basketball games," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said. "Sure, you've got to make shots, but when we lose these games it's because we don't make stops, especially in the fourth quarter."Kent Bazemore had 26 points to lead the Hawks, and Alex Len added 21. Atlanta has not won in San Antonio since 1997."It's tough winning here, we all know that," said Hawks rookie Trae Young, who scored 15. "(But) we had chances to win."Atlanta closed the third quarter on an 18-6 run and carried a 90-86 lead into the fourth. The Hawks made four 3-pointers in the run, including a pair by Len, their 7-foot-1 center.The Spurs countered with a 15-4 run beginning midway through the final quarter and took a 108-104 lead with 3:39 remaining. White had seven straight points during the outburst, including his third and final 3-pointer in as many attempts."What you saw, that's his game," Popovich said. "He's just kind of steady, picks his spots. I loved seeing him get more confident with the 3, knocking down a couple, that's great. That's the next step for him."White had scored six points in each of his previous two games and shot a combined 7 for 30 from the field in his past four."He had a couple of games where he struggled, but sometimes you've got to embrace the struggle to understand how to get out of it and what you need to do to get back to yourself," DeRozan said.White did so, going 10 for 12 from the field for his highest output since March 12. The 24-yeard old returned to the form that made him a pleasant surprise after the Spurs were forced to move him into the starting lineup when starting point guard Dejounte Murray suffered a season-ending knee injury in the preseason."They were focusing a lot on DeMar, he had a big game," White said. "I knew I had to step up when the opportunity was there."DeRozan added seven assists and seven rebounds in 38 minutes. Rudy Gay, who finished with 11 rebounds, was the only Spurs starter not to score in double figures.Both teams got off to an efficient start, making their first three shots on their first three possessions. The Spurs closed the quarter shooting 59 percent from the field and took a 33-31 lead while the Hawks shot 48 percent.TIP-INSHawks: Atlanta's previous win in San Antonio was on Feb. 15, 1997. Steve Smith and Mookie Blaylock combined for 46 points in a 109-89 victory. . Atlanta had six players sit out with injuries. Dewayne Dedmon (left), Alex Poythress (right) and Omari Spellman each were suffering an ankle injury. ... Forward Taurean Prince missed his third straight game with a sore foot. . The Hawks are 12-27 on the road this season.Spurs: San Antonio, which plays Denver on Wednesday, is 11-14 in back-to-back games this season and 4-8 on the second night. . Guard Lonnie Walker IV made an early appearance, entering the game with 3:51 remaining in the first quarter. The rookie from Miami is averaging 6.4 minutes in 12 appearances. . DeRozan picked up a technical foul with 10.1 seconds remaining in the first half as he walked to the bench berating Ed Malloy for a charge called against him. . White had two blocked shots, raising his season total to 44.STREAKINGSan Antonio has 20 straight seasons with 45-plus wins, the longest streak in league history.The Los Angeles Lakers held the record previously, winning at least 45 games in 15 straight seasons beginning in 1976.BLAZING BAZEMOREBazemore's 26-point game marked the first time he eclipsed 20 since scoring 23 against Minnesota on Feb .23.The 6-foot-5 guard averaged 7.2 points in March, reaching double figures in only six of 15 games."My teammates have been in my corner and the coaching staff has been in my corner throughout the past month because it's been tough," Bazemore said. "Sometimes you've just got to let go. Recommitted myself. Shot the ball and it went in tonight."Bazemore shot 10 for 16 against San AntonioUP NEXTHawks: Host Philadelphia on Wednesday night.Spurs: At Denver on Wednesday night.___AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byNBA Notebook: Wizards Dismiss Team PresidentBy ReutersApril 2, 2019Longtime Washington Wizards president Ernie Grunfeld was dismissed on Tuesday in the wake of the franchise's subpar season, team chairman Ted Leonsis said.Grunfeld, 63, was concluding his 16th season with the franchise and the team holds a disappointing 32-46 record with four games remaining. He was hired prior to the 2003-04 season."We did not meet our stated goals of qualifying for the playoffs this season and, despite playing with injuries to several key players, we have a culture of accountability and a responsibility of managing to positive outcomes," Leonsis said in a statement. "I wish to thank Ernie for his service to the Washington Wizards. He and his family have been great leaders in our community and have worked tirelessly to make us a top NBA franchise."The Wizards had a 568-724 record during Grunfeld's tenure with eight playoff appearances.--The Brooklyn Nets are nearing contract extensions for head coach Kenny Atkinson and his staff, ESPN reported.The Nets are 39-39 ahead of Wednesday's game against Toronto and vying for a playoff spot in the Eastern Conference for the first time since 2015. They're currently the No. 7 seed with four games to play in a season in which they weren't predicted to be very competitive.Nets general manager Sean Marks hired Atkinson in 2016. Atkinson won 20 games in his first season with the team and improved to 28 wins last season.--The NBA issued a total of $75,000 in fines to three Golden State Warriors players for their criticisms of officials stemming from a loss against the Minnesota Timberwolves last week.Forward Draymond Green was fined $35,000 for making statements on social media which "impugned the integrity of NBA officiating," according to the press release from NBA executive vice president of basketball operations Kiki VanDeWeghe.Guard Stephen Curry was fined $25,000 for his actions and public statements "impugning the integrity of NBA officiating." Forward Kevin Durant was fined $15,000 for public criticism of the officiating.--Cleveland Cavaliers center Channing Frye is approaching retirement with an open mind and a sense of humor."Listen, I'm rich, I'm a champion, I'm 35 and retiring and I'm living a great life," Frye said in an interview with The Athletic. "So if you think I suck, I'll see you at L.A. Fitness in a year, (expletive)."It's easy for Frye to smile after a 14-year career with six teams including the New York Knicks, Portland Trail Blazers, Phoenix Suns, Orlando Magic, Cavaliers and Los Angeles Lakers. The Arizona product started the day with 7,771 points in 888 contests for an average of 8.8 points per game.--Field Level MediaAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byWestbrook Records Triple-Double, Leads Thunder Past LakersBy The Associated PressApril 2, 2019OKLAHOMA CITY — With the outcome all but decided and just over a minute remaining, Oklahoma City Thunder coach Billy Donovan wanted to get Russell Westbrook out of Tuesday's game.Westbrook wasn't having it, waving off Hamidou Diallo.Moments later, Westbrook grabbed a rebound and nearly snagged another as the ball glanced off his fingertips after a miss.On the next possession, Westbrook snagged a final rebound and joined some elite company in NBA history in the Thunder's 119-103 win over the Los Angeles Lakers.Westbrook became the second player in league history to have 20 or more points, rebounds and assists in a game, finishing with 20 points, 20 rebounds and 21 assists. Wilt Chamberlain was the only other player to accomplish the feat.After the game, Westbrook dedicated the win to rapper Nipsey Hussle. The musician, like Westbrook a Los Angeles product, was shot and killed on Sunday in Los Angeles."I'm not going to try to put it into words but like I said on the floor, that's who it's for," Westbrook said. "I'm going to leave it at that."Chamberlain set the lofty mark with 22 points, 25 rebounds and 21 assists in a 1968 game.Westbrook also tied Chamberlain for second all-time in 15-point, 15-rebound, 15-assists games with eight. Oscar Robertson had 14 such games in his career.Lakers coach Luke Walton said his team narrowed in on three keys to beat the Thunder, even with his own depleted lineup — transition defense, taking care of the ball and boxing out.The Thunder outscored Los Angeles on the fast break 34-8, the Lakers turned the ball over 21 times and Oklahoma City won the rebounding battle 50-39."When they get what they got off of those three things, it's going to be really hard to win the game, even if you shoot the ball well like our guys shot tonight," Walton said.The Lakers shot 47.6% from the field.Thunder coach Billy Donovan said Westbrook explained the wave-off after the game."I knew that he had a close friend pass away," Donovan said. "For a few guys on our team relationship-wise, it's kind of hit them pretty hard just in the last couple days."For Russell, that was something that really, really meant a lot to him."After Westbrook clinched the mark, grabbing the rebound on Lance Stephenson's miss in the final minute, he drew a large ovation from the crowd before leaving the game for Diallo.Oklahoma City had struggled in the first half recently, trailing in eight consecutive games entering Tuesday.The Thunder, despite leading by as many as 11 points early, looked to be heading toward another halftime deficit when Kentavious Caldwell-Pope put the Lakers ahead with a 3-pointer late in the second quarter.But Oklahoma City closed the half with an 11-6 run and took a 59-55 lead into halftime.Though Westbrook struggled from the field early — missing 12 of his first 14 shots — he was effective on the offensive end from the start, with 10 first-quarter assists."I tried to attack the paint," Westbrook said. "A lot of teams for me load the paint and stop me from getting to the paint, so I tried to use that to my advantage, drawing three or four people and finding open guys."I tried to set the tone early."Westbrook finished 8 of 23 from the field as Oklahoma City won for the third time in its last 10 games.Caldwell-Pope led the Lakers with 23 points.The loss was Los Angeles' second in the last six games despite playing with a roster missing its stars."I thought we brought the energy level that it takes to win," Walton said.INSIDE PRESENCEWithout Tyson Chandler available, the Lakers weren't able to offer much resistance at the rim, especially early.Eleven of Oklahoma City's first 12 baskets came near the rim.Westbrook assisted on eight of those."We told our guys, he's a rare player — he's not a one-man, stay in front (player)," Walton said. "It takes two, three guys walling him up. We were OK giving up jump shots, even if they hit them, to anyone but Paul George. So if you weren't guarding Paul, we should've been in the paint."He had some rebounds where we're putting two, three guys on (Steven) Adams trying to get him off and Russ has always been a fantastic offensive rebounder."TIP-INSLakers: Power forward Kyle Kuzma missed his second consecutive game with left foot tendinitis. Kuzma was joined by LeBron James, Lonzo Ball, Brandon Ingram, Josh Hart and Tyson Chandler as Lakers missing the game due to injury. . Before the game, rapper Nipsey Hussle's music was played in the Lakers' locker room. The musician was shot and killed in Los Angeles on Sunday.Thunder: Thunder center Steven Adams briefly left the game before halftime after being fouled by Moe Wagner. Adams told trainers he couldn't hear out of his right ear. He shot free throws before heading into the locker room. Adams started the second half. . Earlier Tuesday, the NBA rescinded the technical foul Russell Westbrook received Sunday in a loss to Dallas. It would've been Westbrook's 17th of the season, pushing him one away from a second one-game suspension. . The Thunder have trailed at halftime in 17 of their 20 games since the All-Star break. . Former Thunder guard Alex Abrines, who was released in early February, was at the game as a spectator.UP NEXTLakers: Host Golden State on Thursday night.Thunder: Host Detroit on Friday night.TIP-INSLakers: Power forward Kyle Kuzma missed his second consecutive game with left foot tendinitis. Kuzma was joined by LeBron James, Lonzo Ball, Brandon Ingram, Josh Hart and Tyson Chandler as Lakers missing the game due to injury. . Before the game, rapper Nipsey Hussle's music was played in the Lakers' locker room. The musician was shot and killed in Los Angeles on Sunday.Thunder: Thunder center Steven Adams briefly left the game before halftime after being fouled by Moe Wagner. Adams told trainers he couldn't hear out of his right ear. He shot free throws before heading into the locker room. Adams started the second half. . Earlier Tuesday, the NBA rescinded the technical foul Russell Westbrook received Sunday in a loss to Dallas. It would've been Westbrook's 17th of the season, pushing him one away from a second one-game suspension. . The Thunder have trailed at halftime in 17 of their 20 games since the All-Star break. . Former Thunder guard Alex Abrines, who was released in early February, was at the game as a spectator.UP NEXTLakers: Host Golden State on Thursday night.Thunder: Host Detroit on Friday night.___AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byCanadiens Beat Lightning to Strengthen Chance for Wild CardBy The Associated PressApril 2, 2019MONTREAL — Artturi Lehkonen delivered at a big moment for the Montreal Canadiens.Lehkonen and Max Domi scored in the third period to lead Montreal to a 4-2 win over the NHL-leading Tampa Bay Lightning on Tuesday night, keeping the Canadiens within reach for a wild-card spot in the Eastern Conference."That was one of our best games tonight," coach Claude Julien said. "We moved the puck well, we were fast, good forecheck, we were buzzing around the net and extremely disciplined. If we play twice more like that, there's a very good chance we'll extend our season."There's not a single guy on this roster tonight that was not engaged."Montreal moved into a tie with Columbus for the second wild card in the Eastern Conference, one point behind Carolina. The Blue Jackets lost 6-2 to Boston, and the Hurricanes rolled to a 4-1 win at Toronto.The Blue Jackets hold the tiebreaker over the Canadiens. Each team has two games left on the schedule.Nate Thompson and Joel Armia also scored for the Canadiens (43-29-8), who improved to 6-1-1 in their last eight games. Carey Price stopped 22 shots for his 35th win of the season.Steven Stamkos and Cedric Paquette scored for the Presidents' Trophy-winning Lightning (60-16-4), who were playing their third game in four nights.Third-string goalie Edward Pasquale made 41 saves for Tampa Bay in his second career NHL game. Starter Andrei Vasilevskiy was on the bench after playing Monday, and backup Louis Domingue is out with a lower-body injury."Clearly they've got something to chase and they were desperate," Tampa Bay coach Jon Cooper said. "They played hard, they skated, and we couldn't match that. I don't know who's picking the stars but our goalie was outstanding tonight. He kept it close down the stretch."It's unfortunate we weren't better in front of him."The game was tied at 2 when the Canadiens went ahead to stay with a remarkable display of hand-eye coordination. Lehkonen batted the puck out of mid-air twice to beat Pasquale at 7:47 of the third.Domi made it 4-2 three minutes later, making the most of blown coverage by the Lightning."Everyone knew we had to play a full 60 minutes," said Domi, who scored his 28th of the season. "It's the best team in the league. They've had a pretty impressive year. You're never really safe against that team. That's how we played. A lot of desperation, a lot of character. Big game by a lot of guys tonight."When we do that, we're a tough team to beat."It was a bad start for the Canadiens, who fell behind just 2:28 into the first on an unlucky play. Seconds after Domi turned the puck over in his own zone, Stamkos' shot from the corner bounced off Domi's skate past Price.The Lightning were 39-3-3 when they score first.Montreal responded by putting immense pressure on Pasquale, who looked shaky to start the game.Thompson's first goal with the Canadiens made it 1-1 at 12:23. After Montreal's dump-in ricocheted off a referee, Paul Byron found Thompson in the slot.The Canadiens kept pressing but Pasquale grew in confidence with every save.The 28-year-old Toronto native denied Brendan Gallagher with his glove on a breakaway before stopping Byron on a break exactly one minute later.The Lightning then grabbed a 2-1 lead 4:18 into the second period on Paquette's 13th of the year.Armia tied it again on a superb individual effort at 7:32 when he split the Tampa defense and fired his own rebound past Pasquale from a tight angle.Both goalies traded outstanding saves in the third period to keep their teams in the game. Gallagher hit the post five minutes into the frame.NOTES: Tampa Bay was without injured defensemen Victor Hedman (upper body) and Dan Girardi (lower body). ... Rising tennis star Felix Auger-Aliassime was in attendance at the Bell Centre.UP NEXTLightning: Visit Toronto on Thursday night.Canadiens: Visit Washington on Thursday night.AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported bySerginho Divides Opinion After Walking Off Pitch Due to Racist ChantsBy ReutersApril 3, 2019SANTA CRUZ, Bolivia — Being subjected to racist taunts not only prompted Brazilian winger Serginho to walk off the pitch during a Bolivian league match but also left him questioning his future in the sport.As supporters from home club Blooming made monkey noises and shouted racial abuse at Serginho during the match on March 17, the Jorge Wilstermann player decided to make a stand by leaving the pitch in the 84th minute.However, while racism against players in Europe has been widely condemned in recent weeks - with UEFA president Aleksander Ceferin saying referees will be told to halt matches when players are subjected to racial abuse - Serginho has been criticised in some quarters for his actions. Recalling the abuse, the 34-year old Brazilian told Reuters: "(The fans) told me I had to go back to the jungle, asked if I wanted a banana, said I was a monkey."This makes you feel powerless. I simply left the pitch. And to be honest I wanted to leave, and not go back to the game or any match in the future."Blooming, who currently sit joint top of the Bolivian first division, were winning the match 2-0 and they continued the game to secure all three points.Bolivia's president Evo Morales expressed his solidarity with the player, as did Blooming coach, Erwin Sanchez.However, Blooming's club president Juan Jordan defended the actions of his club's fans by saying chants were part of football’s "folklore" and also called on the Bolivian Football Federation to hand a 12-month ban to Serginho for winding up opposing supporters. Serginho and his club both filed formal complaints."I'm certain that I have been disrespected twice," Serginho said. "First by the fans and now by the rival club." (Reporting by Santiago Limachi, Monica Machicao, Miguel Lobianco, Writing by Andrew Downie, editing by Pritha Sarkar)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byOrioles Win 4 Straight on Road for First Time Since 2016By The Associated PressApril 2, 2019TORONTO — It's taken the 2019 Orioles just five games to match the team's longest winning streak from last season.Andrew Cashner pitched six shutout innings and the Orioles extended a road winning streak to four for the first time since 2016 with a 2-1 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night before another small crowd at Rogers Centre.Baltimore had one four-game winning streak overall last year, when the Orioles finished with a big league-worst 115 losses."It's been fun," Cashner said after Baltimore improved to 4-1. "There's definitely a different culture in here. There's no pressure on these young guys. Nobody is counting on us to win so it's 'Let's just go out there and play.'"Jonathan Villar had two hits and scored once for the Orioles, who opened by winning two of three at the New York Yankees. With back-to-back wins in Toronto, they've strung together four road victories for the first time since July 5-16, 2016, at the Los Angeles Dodgers and Tampa Bay."When I was looking ahead to the season, this is how I was hoping we would play," first-year manager Brandon Hyde said.Baltimore's only four-game winning streak last year was from May 9-12 against Kansas City and Tampa Bay."We're having a really good time with each other," slugger Trey Mancini said. "I think that's the best part. Our team camaraderie is a good as any team I've ever been on, I'd say, and that goes a long way."Baltimore had lost 10 straight at Toronto coming into the series.Boosted by a $1 hot dog promotion, the game drew 12,110, up from 10,460 in Monday's series opener, Toronto's smallest crowd since 2010.Cashner (1-1) allowed four hits, all singles, struck out three and walked three. He stranded the bases loaded in his final inning when Rowdy Tellez flied out on his first pitch."For him to compose himself and make a pitch to get out of the inning after 88 pitches at that point was huge," Hyde said.Cashner didn't allow a hit until Justin Smoak's one-out single in the fourth. Danny Jansen followed by grounding into a double play.Paul Fry worked two innings and former Blue Jay Miguel Castro got his first save despite allowing Tellez's second homer this season.After throwing 12 consecutive scoreless innings to start his season, Marcus Stroman gave up Dwight Smith Jr.'s leadoff single in the sixth and Villar's triple. Mancini followed with an RBI single.Stroman (0-1) allowed two runs and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings."He gave us a chance again," Blue Jays manager Charlie Montoyo said. "It's not easy pitching with no room for error."Held hitless through three innings for the second straight night, the Blue Jays are hitting .018 (1 for 55) in the first three frames so far this season."We're not having good swings right now," Montoyo said. "I know this team is better than that."SPREADING THE SAVES AROUNDThe Orioles are the first team since the 1991 Padres to have four different relievers record saves in their first four victories of the season. Castro joined Richard Bleier, Paul Fry and Mike Wright."I wasn't guys to get their confidence up," Hyde said. "I think that's happening. You might see a new one tomorrow. Who knows?"SWAPSOrioles: Baltimore dealt minor league C Andrew Susac to Kansas City for cash.Blue Jays: Toronto traded OF Kevin Pillar to San Francisco for INF Alen Hanson, RHP Derek Law and minor league RHP Juan De Paula. ... The Blue Jays acquired OF Socrates Brito from San Diego for minor league OF Rodrigo Orozco.MORE MOVESToronto OF Randal Grichuk signed a $52 million, five-year contract. Grichuk had been eligible for free agency after the 2020 season."I love the city. I like the direction the team is going," Grichuk said. "I see the vision. I see a lot of young, talented players that can be very impactful. They have a vision, and I want to be a part of it."Toronto released RHP Bud Norris from his minor league deal.TRAINER'S ROOMBlue Jays: OF Dalton Pompey (concussion) was placed on the 60-day injured list.UP NEXTOrioles: RHP Nate Karns (0-0, 0.00) will open for Baltimore in Wednesday's series finale. Karns opened with two scoreless innings against the Yankees on Saturday.Blue Jays: RHP Matt Shoemaker (1-0, 0.00) is 2-1 with a 2.88 ERA in four starts against the Orioles.___AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byArcia's HR Breaks Slump, Leads Brewers Over Reds 4-3By The Associated PressApril 2, 2019CINCINNATI — Six games into the season, Orlando Arcia was still waiting for that first hit. The Brewers shortstop finally got it, connecting for the biggest one in Milwaukee's latest win.Arcia ended his season-opening slump with a three-run homer in the sixth inning, and Milwaukee extended its domination of the Cincinnati Reds by holding on for a 4-3 victory Tuesday night.Arcia was 0 for 16 when he connected off Michael Lorenzen , who was brought in to face the shortstop with two outs after left-hander Zach Duke (1-1) gave up a walk and a single. Arcia's opposite-field homer barely cleared the wall in right field and snapped a 1-1 tie."You've got to get that first hit," manager Craig Counsell said. "That was worth the wait is what I'd say."Lorenzen tried to throw a fastball away, but left it in a place Arcia could reach."Stadium's small, he swings hard, it's got a chance," Lorenzen said. "It was a terrible game plan and terrible execution on my part."The shortstop was feeling his 0-for-2019 slump and starting to wonder when it would end."Thankfully that first one came," he said through a translator. "You've got to keep your head strong. Once the first one falls, you know they're going to start falling."Things have been falling the Brewers' way, especially when they play the Reds.Milwaukee has won the first two games of the series and 15 of 21 against Cincinnati over the last two seasons. The defending NL Central champions are off to a 5-1 start, one game better than a year ago when they tied the club record with 96 wins.Jhoulys Chacin (2-0) gave up three hits and a pair of runs in 5 1/3 innings, including Eugenio Suarez's RBI double . Suarez added a solo homer off Junior Guerra in the eighth.Josh Hader gave up a walk in the ninth while getting his fourth save in four chances, leaving the Reds with a 1-3 start — same as last season.Christian Yelich singled and doubled, leaving him the only Brewer to hit safely in all six games. The NL MVP is batting .409 with four homers and three doubles.The Reds drew 10,195 fans on a 61-degree night, a day after only 7,799 attended the series opener — the smallest crowd in Great American Ball Park history.OUTS IN THE OUTFIELDThe Reds' regular outfielders — Jesse Winker, Yasiel Puig, Matt Kemp and Scott Schebler — are a combined 3 for 45, with all three hits by Puig.BEAT THE SHIFT, PART IIYasmani Grandal beat Cincinnati's four-man outfield alignment with three singles on Monday night. He tried to bunt for a single on Tuesday, but Anthony DeSclafani fielded and threw him out.A CLOSER LOOKThe Brewers' close games — four wins by one run — have resulted in Hader taking on more of a traditional closer role. Last season, he went at least two innings in 23 of his 55 appearances, getting 12 saves. He's been more of a one-inning reliever so far."It's something we're going to have to go with the flow and see," Hader said.SOLID SHOWINGDeSclafani made his 2019 debut, went five innings, gave up a run on three hits and struck out eight."Definitely satisfied," DeSclafani said. "I was working on some things in spring training and I was hoping it would progress into the season, and I think I've done that. My curveball was effective tonight. It makes it easier when you have a third weapon."REDS MOVEThe Reds outrighted left-hander Brandon Finnegan to the minors. He was designated for assignment on opening day.TRAINER'S ROOMBrewers: RH Jeremy Jeffress is expected to pitch on a rehab assignment when the Triple-A season begins later this week. He could rejoin the Brewers after making back-to-back appearances as he recovers from a sore shoulder.Reds: LH Alex Wood isn't ready to throw to hitters as he recovers from back problems. Manager David Bell said Tuesday that Wood has had some setbacks, so there's no timetable for his return from the injured list.UP NEXTBrewers: Freddy Peralta (0-0) gave up four runs in three innings of a 9-5 loss to the Cardinals on Friday. He's 0-1 in two career starts at Great American with a 7.71 ERA.Reds: Luis Castillo (0-0) makes his second start. He was originally scheduled to pitch Thursday in Pittsburgh, but Bell didn't want him facing the Pirates twice in a week. Castillo allowed two hits in 5 2/3 innings of a 5-3 win over Pittsburgh in the opener.___AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byCuba Announces First List of Baseball Players Who Can Sign With U.S. TeamsBy ReutersApril 2, 2019HAVANA — Cuba's Baseball Federation announced on Tuesday a first list of players authorized to sign contracts directly with Major League Baseball organizations, moving Cuban-U.S. cooperation in the sport forward despite tense broader bilateral relations.The list announced of 34 players between 17 and 25 years old who classify as international amateurs under MLB rules did not include any major stars. Some, however, have already played professionally abroad like Raidel Martinez who has played in Japan.The move comes after the federations reached a historic agreement last December allowing Cuban players to sign with U.S. teams without needing to defect, seeking to end the practice of their being smuggled off the island on speedboats."A first step forward for baseball and against the trafficking of human beings," the Cuban Baseball Federation said on Twitter, upon announcing the list.MLB teams will pay their Cuban counterpart a release fee for each player to be signed, providing a huge windfall for Cuban baseball, which has suffered from dwindling budgets and the defection of its best players.Under the deal, Cuban players 25 years old or under or who have not yet done six years of service in the Cuban leagues must have their federation's permission to sign up with MLB organizations.Older, more experienced players are free to sign with MLB teams. The Cuban Federation said it would send the MLB a list of its over-25 "free agents" in July.Some of the biggest stars in MLB are Cubans who have defected like Yasiel Puig of the Cincinnati Reds, Yoenis Cespedes of the New York Mets and Jose Dariel Abreu of the Chicago White Sox - all of whom have signed multiyear, multimillion-dollar contracts.The mininum salary for players in Cuba is $50 per month, so the payoff was huge for the stars, although they often had to undertake dangerous journeys to get to the United States.More than 350 Cuban ballplayers have defected since the start of 2014. (Reporting by Nelson Acosta and Sarah Marsh; Editing by Leslie Adler)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byPSG Reach French Cup Final as Verratti Nets Rare GoalBy ReutersApril 3, 2019PARIS — Marco Verratti scored a rare goal for Paris St Germain as they beat Nantes 3-0 at home to reach the French Cup final on Wednesday, with a fifth consecutive title in their sights.The midfielder, who also found the net for Italy last week, opened the scoring for the Cup holders in the first half with his first PSG goal of the season.Kylian Mbappe scored a penalty and Daniel Alves found the net with a delicate lob to wrap up victory in the closing stages.Mbappe was denied from the spot by Nantes keeper Ciprian Tatarusanu earlier in the match before the visitors were reduced to 10 men after Kalifa Coulibaly was sent off for a second yellow card in the 71st minute.PSG, who lost Marquinhos to a muscle injury, will face Stade Rennais, who beat Olympique Lyonnais 3-2 on Tuesday, in the April 27 showdown at the Stade de France.The Ligue 1 leaders have not conceded a single goal on their way to the final.With Neymar watching from the stands, Verratti unleashed a low diagonal shot from outside the box on 29 minutes to put the home side ahead. It was his second goal in eight days after he scored in Italy's 6-0 victory over Liechtenstein in a Euro 2020 qualifier last Tuesday. Mbappe beat Tatarusanu from the penalty spot after a Nicolas Pallois handball, but referee Francois Letexier had it retaken due to players encroaching into the box.Tatarusanu blocked the second attempt, but he was powerless with Mbappe's penalty in the 83rd minute after Alves was brought down by Diego Carlos.Alves wrapped up an emphatic win when he lobbed Tatarusanu from the edge of the box two minutes into added time.The sides will meet again at the Parc des Princes in Ligue 1 in two weeks. (Reporting by Julien Pretot; Editing by Toby Davis)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byLewandowski Double Helps 10-Man Bayern Edge Cup Thriller 5-4By ReutersApril 3, 2019(Reuters) - Robert Lewandowski scored twice off the bench to send 10-man Bayern Munich into the German Cup semi-finals as his late penalty secured a 5-4 home win against second division Heidenheim on Wednesday.Lewandowski came on for the second half and netted the winning penalty six minutes from fulltime for 18-times cup winners Bayern, who had Niklas Suele sent off after 15 minutes. "I don't know how to rate this game," said Bayern midfielder Thomas Mueller."That they came back to 4-4 after we led 4-2, so that cannot please us. The match should have gone differently after we went 1-0 up." The Bundesliga champions took the lead through Leon Goretzka’s 12th-minute opener, but goals from Robert Glatzel and Marc Schnatterer put the visitors ahead.Thomas Mueller equalised eight minutes into the second half, before Lewandowski and Serge Gnabry gave the home side a two-goal cushion. Yet Heidenheim did not give up and Glatzel netted twice more, including a penalty, in the space of four minutes to level.A handball in the area earned Bayern a penalty that Lewandowski coolly converted, sending them through to the last four along with Hamburg SV, RB Leipzig and Werder Bremen, who claimed a 2-0 win at Schalke 04 thanks to second-half goals by Milot Rashica and Davy Klaassen.Bremen had midfielder Nuri Sahin sent off for a second bookable offence in the last minute. (Reporting by Julien Pretot; Editing by Toby Davis and Pritha Sarkar)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byEmpoli Boost Survival Hopes With Shock Win Over NapoliBy ReutersApril 3, 2019(Reuters) - Empoli stunned Napoli with a 2-1 home win on Wednesday to boost their survival hopes and leave the visitors 18 points adrift of Serie A leaders Juventus. Giovanni Di Lorenzo's second-half winner lifted the Tuscan side out of the relegation zone at Bologna's expense ahead of the remaining Week 30 fixtures.Napoli midfielder Piotr Zielinski had equalised for the visitors a minute before halftime after Empoli striker Diego Farias had opened the scoring.Napoli remain second in the standings on 63 points with a 10-point advantage over third-placed Inter Milan, but Juventus, who beat Cagliari 2-0 on Tuesday, have a huge lead over their nearest rival.Empoli, who are unbeaten in their last five home matches, have risen to 17th place on 28 points, one ahead of Bologna, who face Atalanta in Bergamo on Thursday.“We were off the pace from the first minute to the last, it was a deserved defeat," Napoli coach Carlo Ancelotti admitted to Italian broadcasters.Ancelotti made five changes to the team that won 4-1 away at AS Roma last weekend, but his side were behind within 28 minutes after Farias’ shot deflected off the arm of Zielinski to wrong-foot goalkeeper Alex Meret.Meret then came to Napoli’s rescue with a point-blank save to deny Francesco Caputo, before Zielinski levelled just before the break with a powerful long-range strike that he refused to celebrate against his former club.Empoli came out strongly at the start of the second half and were back in front within seven minutes when Di Lorenzo rose to nod in a corner from the impressive Ismael Bennacer.Farias had a chance to put the result beyond doubt for the hosts when he raced through on goal with a quarter of an hour remaining, but he was denied by another excellent save from Meret.Napoli next face Genoa at home in Serie A on Sunday, before they travel to face Arsenal in the first leg of their Europa League quarter-final clash at the Emirates next Thursday.“We must roll up our sleeves and think about the next game," Ancelotti added. "Defeats are never physiological, we were disorganised, distracted, we didn’t follow our plans. It’s not a problem with the defence, it was a below-par performance in general." (Reporting by Alasdair Mackenzie; Editing by Toby Davis)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byDePaul Evens CBI Championship Series With OT Win Over USFBy ReutersApril 3, 2019Max Strus scored 32 points and Paul Reed added a double-double of 28 points and 16 rebounds to lift host DePaul to a 100-96 overtime victory against South Florida in Chicago on Wednesday night, tying the best-of-three College Basketball Invitational championship series at one game apiece.The Blue Demons (19-16) will host the decisive third game on Friday night.Reed hit a pair of free throws with 2:53 remaining in overtime to give the Blue Demons a 90-85 lead. A Laquincy Rideau trey on South Florida's next possession brought the visitors within 90-88, but DePaul answered with successive layups from Flynn Cameron and Lyrik Shreiner to seize control. South Florida came within three points with nine seconds left but was unable to get closer.Reed drained a 3-pointer with 1:51 remaining in regulation to snap a 79-all tie. The Bulls missed their next four shots before Alexis Yetna tied the game with a trey with 28 seconds left. The Blue Demons played for the last shot of regulation but were unable to score, as Strus lost the ball under pressure just before the buzzer, sending the game to overtime.South Florida (23-14) had four players in double figures. Rideau led the way with 35 points, while Yetna (26), Justin Brown (13) and David Collins (12) followed. Yetna snagged 13 rebounds and Michael Durr had 11 as South Florida won the battle under the boards 43-38.Femi Olujobi added 14 points for DePaul, which led by as many as 15 early in the second half.The Blue Demons won despite missing starting senior guard Eli Cain for part of the game. Cain suffered an apparent wrist injury after falling awkwardly upon being fouled with 7:46 remaining and did not return. He scored two points on 1-for-4 shooting after leading DePaul with 19 points in the championship series opener. The Blue Demons also were without sophomore guard Devin Gage, who remains in the concussion protocol after suffering a head injury in the quarterfinals.DePaul surged to a 46-35 lead at halftime behind hot shooting from Strus, whose 20 first-half points included a 6-for-8 effort from beyond the 3-point arc. The Blue Demons shot 46.9 percent (15-for-32) in the first half while hitting all 10 of their attempts from the free-throw line.South Florida edged DePaul 63-61 in Monday's CBI championship series opener in Tampa, as Collins swished a floating, go-ahead jumper with two seconds to play to earn the victory. The Blue Demons rallied after scoring a season-low 25 points in the first half, but were unable to complete the comeback.--Field Level MediaAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byNBA Roundup: Turner's Triple-Double Leads BlazersBy ReutersApril 2, 2019Rodney Hood scored 21 points, and Evan Turner came off the bench for a triple-double as the Portland Trail Blazers pulled away for a 132-122 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves on Monday night in Minneapolis.Turner went 5-for-5 from the field while collecting 13 points, 11 rebounds and 10 assists in only 24 minutes for the Trail Blazers, who have won 10 of their past 12 contests.Enes Kanter contributed 20 points, 11 rebounds and five blocked shots, and Seth Curry scored 19 points for Portland, which shot 54.9 percent from the field and made 15 of 30 3-point attempts.Andrew Wiggins had 21 points, and Karl-Anthony Towns scored 17 points with 12 rebounds for the Timberwolves, who have lost eight of their past 10. Tyus Jones had 14 points and 10 assists.Bucks 131, Nets 121Giannis Antetokounmpo scored 28 points, 14 of them in the fourth quarter, to lead Milwaukee to a win over Brooklyn in New York.With the win, the Bucks' magic number for clinching home-court advantage throughout the playoffs is one. The Toronto Raptors kept pace with the Bucks in the race for the best record in the league by beating the Orlando Magic.The Nets remained a half-game ahead of the Pistons in seventh place in the Eastern Conference as Detroit lost to Indiana. All five Bucks starters scored in double figures, led by Eric Bledsoe with 29 points. D'Angelo Russell paced the Nets with 28 points.Raptors 121, Magic 109Danny Green scored a season-best 29 points and added five rebounds to help Toronto defeat visiting Orlando, which had won seven of its eight previous games.The Raptors gained a split in the four-game season series with the Magic, who are still trying to get into the playoffs. Orlando remains a half-game back of the Miami Heat, who also lost Monday, for the final spot in the East.Kawhi Leonard added 15 points and seven rebounds for the Raptors. Serge Ibaka scored 15 points. Evan Fournier scored 21 points for the Magic, and Nikola Vucevic had 13 points and 13 rebounds.Celtics 110, Heat 105Al Horford's second career triple-double led host Boston over Miami in the opener of a home-and-home as the Heat narrowly held onto the eighth and final playoff spot in the East.Horford had 19 points, 11 rebounds and 10 assists for his first triple-double since 2015. Kyrie Irving added 25 points and eight rebounds, Jayson Tatum scored 19, and Marcus Smart had 16 points as the Celtics maintained a share of fourth place in the Eastern Conference, along with Indiana.Goran Dragic scored 30 to lead the Heat, while Bam Adebayo had 19 points and 14 rebounds and Dwyane Wade chipped in 17 points in his last regular-season game in Boston.Jazz 111, Hornets 102Donovan Mitchell scored 25 points to lead a balanced attack that propelled Utah over Charlotte Hornets in Salt Lake City despite a 47-point night from the Hornets' Kemba Walker.Rudy Gobert added 18 points and 18 rebounds for the Jazz while Ricky Rubio chipped in 20 points and 13 assists. Five players scored in double figures to help the Jazz win for the 10th time in 11 games.Jeremy Lamb added 23 for Charlotte, which dropped their third straight game on their current four-game road trip.Mavericks 122, 76ers 102Justin Jackson scored 24 points to carry host Dallas past Philadelphia. Trey Burke added 16 points for Dallas while Salah Mejri contributed 16 points to go along with a season-best 14 rebounds.Dwight Powell scored 14 points and rookie Jalen Brunson had 13 for the Mavericks, who won handily despite the fact that Luka Doncic wasn't available because of a thigh injury.JJ Redick led the Sixers with 26 points while Tobias Harris added 25. Ben Simmons scored 17. The Sixers, who played without center Joel Embiid (load management) and guard Jimmy Butler (back), had their brief two-game winning streak snapped. Philadelphia is 7-8 without Embiid this season.Pacers 111, Pistons 102Thaddeus Young and Bojan Bogdanovic led a balanced attack with 19 points apiece and host Indiana topped Detroit in Indianapolis.Young also had nine rebounds and five assists, while Bogdanovic racked up seven rebounds, six assists and three steals. Domantas Sabonis delivered 18 points and 12 rebounds off the bench before fouling out.Wayne Ellington led the Pistons with a season-best 26 points. Reggie Jackson supplied 22 points, six rebounds and four assists while Andre Drummond contributed 18 points, 17 rebounds, five assists and four steals. Thon Maker added 14 points, six rebounds and four blocks.Knicks 113, Bulls 105Luke Kornet scored a career-high 24 points on 8-for-11 shooting, and New York pulled away for a win over visiting Chicago. Kornet hit 5 of 7 shots from beyond the 3-point arc, pulled down six rebounds and blocked three shots as part of one of the best performances of his two-year career.His previous high was 23 points, which he reached once as a rookie and twice this season. New York snapped a six-game losing streak and won for only the second time in its past 16 games. The Knicks' most recent victory had been March 17 against the Los Angeles Lakers.Robin Lopez scored a game-high 29 points for Chicago, which lost its fifth game in a row. JaKarr Sampson added 22 points off the bench in his Bulls debut after appearing in 169 games with three teams over parts of the past four seasons.Suns 122, Cavaliers 113Devin Booker, who scored 25 points and handed out 13 assists, was one of four Phoenix players with double-doubles as the Suns ended a six-game losing streak by beating visiting Cleveland.Josh Jackson came off the Phoenix bench for 19 points, 10 rebounds, a career-high five blocks and four assists. Richaun Holmes had 13 points and 10 rebounds, Dragan Bender contributed 12 points and 10 boards.Collin Sexton led the Cavaliers with 21 points, one more than Jordan Clarkson. Tristan Thompson and Ante Zizic each scored 15, and Brandon Knight had 10 as Cleveland lost its sixth game in a row.--Field Level MediaAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byRaptors Defeat the Nets for a 5th Straight Win; Knicks Fall to the MagicImageToronto’s Pascal Siakam (43), shooting over Spencer Dinwiddie, had 28 points and 10 rebounds Wednesday.CreditCreditNoah K. Murray/USA Today Sports, via ReutersBy The Associated PressApril 3, 2019Pascal Siakam had 28 points and 10 rebounds, Kawhi Leonard added 26 points as visiting Toronto won its fifth straight with a 115-105 victory over the Nets.Serge Ibaka finished with 23 points and 12 rebounds for the Raptors (56-23), who need to win their final three games to match last season’s franchise record for victories. Their victory prevented the Milwaukee Bucks from clinching the No. 1 seed in the Eastern Conference.D’Angelo Russell had 27 points, seven rebounds and six assists for the Nets, who fell to 39-40 and missed another chance to improve their playoff situation. They came into play seventh in the East but could have moved ahead of Detroit after the Pistons fell in Indiana.Brooklyn has lost four of five.“They were the better team. I don’t know how else to say it,” Nets coach Kenny Atkinson said. “They were better from start to finish. You have to give them credit. They’re a team that’s going to compete for a championship. We were not up to those standards that you have to be almost perfect and we weren’t. I would say we were average and that’s not good enough to beat that team.”The Nets had cut the deficit to five early in the third quarter before Siakam made a pair of baskets around Marc Gasol’s 3-pointer to make it 66-54. Toronto would get the lead as high as 14 points in the quarter and led 90-78 entering the fourth.MAGIC 114, KNICKS 100 Nikola Vucevic had 29 points and 13 rebounds and Terrence Ross scored 23 points off the bench for host Orlando.Evan Fournier and Aaron Gordon had 19 points apiece for Orlando, which is chasing Miami for the final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference.Mario Hezonja scored 22 of his 29 points in the second half for New York. Kevin Knox scored 21 points and Emmanuel Mudiay had 13 points and 10 assists for the Knicks, who have lost seven of eight.New York cut a 13-point halftime deficit to two points late in the third quarter, but Ross singlehandedly stopped the rally with three straight 3-pointers that gave Orlando an 85-74 advantage heading into the fourth quarter.A version of this article appears in print on , on Page B10 of the New York edition with the headline: Toronto Keeps Victories Record  In Sight With Fifth Straight Win. Order Reprints | Today’s Paper | SubscribeAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byN.W.H.L. Moves to Unify Pro Women’s Hockey as Its Rival Fades AwayImageThe National Women’s Hockey League, which held its all-star game in February, will expand to Canada following the news that the Canadian Women’s Hockey League is ceasing operations.CreditCreditMark Humphrey/Associated PressBy Seth BerkmanApril 2, 2019Since Sunday, when the Canadian Women’s Hockey League  announced it will cease operations, many have pondered how to elevate women’s professional hockey.Some answers came on Tuesday, as the N.H.L. became one of the largest financial backers of the National Women’s Hockey League — the only remaining pro option for women in the United States and Canada — according to both leagues. And the N.W.H.L. announced it would expand into Canada.Neither Dani Rylan, commissioner and founder of the N.W.H.L., nor a spokesperson for the N.H.L. would disclose the length and terms of the deal. The N.H.L. noted that it previously sponsored both women’s leagues, and has now increased its contribution to the N.W.H.L.A sturdy future partnership between the N.H.L. and N.W.H.L. could dramatically increase exposure for women’s hockey. But former C.W.H.L. players and members of the Canadian and U.S. national teams are waiting to see if the N.W.H.L. remains the best option this fall or if another opportunity materializes.To boost its appeal, the N.W.H.L., which launched in 2015, also announced Tuesday its intention to add teams next season in Montreal and Toronto. Those two cities formerly hosted C.W.H.L. franchises. The measure, which was approved by the N.W.H.L. board, would increase the N.W.H.L.’s reach to seven clubs across North America.Rylan said that it is “incredibly important” for the N.W.H.L. to include stars from the C.W.H.L. teams in Montreal and Toronto — like Olympians Marie-Philip Poulin and Hilary Knight.“We want to put the best product on the ice,” said Rylan, who met with N.H.L. Commissioner Gary Bettman Monday. “We knew it was so important to have a presence there so those top players have a place to play this fall.”Knight, a star forward last season on Les Canadiennes de Montréal of the C.W.H.L. (and who left the N.W.H.L. after the 2016-17 season), declined to comment on Tuesday’s news, as she prepared to defend a world championship with the U.S. women’s national team in Finland this week.Rylan acknowledged logistics like travel to Canada must still be figured out. The N.W.H.L. also is looking at increasing its schedule to 24 games, up from 17 this past season.Until those issues and others are sorted out, Liz Knox, co-chair of the C.W.H.L. Players’ Association, said her constituents are willing to stay in a holding pattern, even if that means not playing come October.“It seems like a strategic move for the N.W.H.L.,” Knox said. “It seems a little kneejerk to me because our league just folded two days ago. We’re dealing with a very heavy loss. If you lose a family pet you’ve had for 12 years, you don’t go out and buy a new pet two days later.”Knox has been in contact with Anya Battaglino, director of the N.W.H.L. Players’ Association, to discuss the best steps for women’s hockey. Soon after the U.S. women’s team landed in Finland on Monday, it held a meeting with players from the Canadian national team. Since the two countries met in the 2018 Olympic final, both sides noted the need to work together to advance their sport.“There will have to be changes in the N.W.H.L. model to make our players happy,” Knox said, referring to athletes from both leagues. In Nov. 2016, the N.W.H.L. drastically slashed salaries.As of now, the N.H.L.’s involvement won’t resemble the N.B.A.’s backing of the W.N.B.A.: it does not include ice time, or major assistance in marketing, promotion or other business-related aid that would help the N.W.H.L.The N.W.H.L.’s major sponsor over its first four years of existence was Dunkin’ Donuts. That deal recently ended, but Rylan said the two sides are in the process of renewal and that she expects their partnership to continue.The N.H.L.’s cachet, of course, could open much bigger doors than the coffee and doughnut chain, including a larger network of international business partners, as well as possible new avenues for broadcasting and streaming options. More revenue from those outlets could also lead to an increase in N.W.H.L. salaries, which last season ranged from $3,000 to $10,000.Battaglino, who said she was extremely proud of the N.W.H.L.’s growth, prioritized better pay as an issue the league should address as it now prepares to extend its reach farther than any women’s pro hockey league before, with a co-sign from the largest hockey influencer in the world.“Women’s hockey players deserve a livable wage,” Battaglino said. “Women’s hockey players deserve the respect to be able to say, I am a professional athlete, proudly. Currently our athletes say, ‘I am a blank and on the nights and weekends I get to play professional hockey.’”A version of this article appears in print on , on Page B9 of the New York edition with the headline: Women’s League Announces Expansion and N.H.L. Support. Order Reprints | Today’s Paper | SubscribeRelated CoverageC.W.H.L. Folds, Leaving North America With One Women’s Hockey LeagueMarch 31, 2019ImageAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byDePaul Evens CBI Championship Series With OT Win Over USFBy ReutersApril 3, 2019Max Strus scored 32 points and Paul Reed added a double-double of 28 points and 16 rebounds to lift host DePaul to a 100-96 overtime victory against South Florida in Chicago on Wednesday night, tying the best-of-three College Basketball Invitational championship series at one game apiece.The Blue Demons (19-16) will host the decisive third game on Friday night.Reed hit a pair of free throws with 2:53 remaining in overtime to give the Blue Demons a 90-85 lead. A Laquincy Rideau trey on South Florida's next possession brought the visitors within 90-88, but DePaul answered with successive layups from Flynn Cameron and Lyrik Shreiner to seize control. South Florida came within three points with nine seconds left but was unable to get closer.Reed drained a 3-pointer with 1:51 remaining in regulation to snap a 79-all tie. The Bulls missed their next four shots before Alexis Yetna tied the game with a trey with 28 seconds left. The Blue Demons played for the last shot of regulation but were unable to score, as Strus lost the ball under pressure just before the buzzer, sending the game to overtime.South Florida (23-14) had four players in double figures. Rideau led the way with 35 points, while Yetna (26), Justin Brown (13) and David Collins (12) followed. Yetna snagged 13 rebounds and Michael Durr had 11 as South Florida won the battle under the boards 43-38.Femi Olujobi added 14 points for DePaul, which led by as many as 15 early in the second half.The Blue Demons won despite missing starting senior guard Eli Cain for part of the game. Cain suffered an apparent wrist injury after falling awkwardly upon being fouled with 7:46 remaining and did not return. He scored two points on 1-for-4 shooting after leading DePaul with 19 points in the championship series opener. The Blue Demons also were without sophomore guard Devin Gage, who remains in the concussion protocol after suffering a head injury in the quarterfinals.DePaul surged to a 46-35 lead at halftime behind hot shooting from Strus, whose 20 first-half points included a 6-for-8 effort from beyond the 3-point arc. The Blue Demons shot 46.9 percent (15-for-32) in the first half while hitting all 10 of their attempts from the free-throw line.South Florida edged DePaul 63-61 in Monday's CBI championship series opener in Tampa, as Collins swished a floating, go-ahead jumper with two seconds to play to earn the victory. The Blue Demons rallied after scoring a season-low 25 points in the first half, but were unable to complete the comeback.--Field Level MediaAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byJamaica to Host Matches in This Year's Gold CupBy ReutersApril 2, 2019(Reuters) - Jamaica will host two matches in this year's Gold Cup, becoming the third country to help organise the expanded tournament, the Confederation of North, Central America and Caribbean Association Football (CONCACAF) said on Tuesday.The double header will take place in Kingston’s National Stadium on June 17 and feature matches including the host nation and Honduras, although their rivals are not yet known.The draw for the tournament takes place on April 10 and it kicks off on June 15 in Pasadena.This year’s Gold Cup is the biggest ever, with 16 teams playing matches in the United States and Costa Rica.Tuesday’s decision to include Jamaica marks the first time a Caribbean nation has hosted games in the region’s principal international football competition and is part of an attempt by the confederation to broaden the game's appeal in the region."Bringing the CONCACAF Gold Cup to Jamaica is a watershed moment for our Confederation and Caribbean football," said CONCACAF President Victor Montagliani. "Hosting our premier competition in Jamaica for the first time is an extraordinary opportunity to promote the very best of the game in the Caribbean, while raising standards and improving access to the sport across our Confederation." (Reporting by Andrew Downie; Editing by Ken Ferris)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byRaptors Defeat the Nets for a 5th Straight Win; Knicks Fall to the MagicImageToronto’s Pascal Siakam (43), shooting over Spencer Dinwiddie, had 28 points and 10 rebounds Wednesday.CreditCreditNoah K. Murray/USA Today Sports, via ReutersBy The Associated PressApril 3, 2019Pascal Siakam had 28 points and 10 rebounds, Kawhi Leonard added 26 points as visiting Toronto won its fifth straight with a 115-105 victory over the Nets.Serge Ibaka finished with 23 points and 12 rebounds for the Raptors (56-23), who need to win their final three games to match last season’s franchise record for victories. Their victory prevented the Milwaukee Bucks from clinching the No. 1 seed in the Eastern Conference.D’Angelo Russell had 27 points, seven rebounds and six assists for the Nets, who fell to 39-40 and missed another chance to improve their playoff situation. They came into play seventh in the East but could have moved ahead of Detroit after the Pistons fell in Indiana.Brooklyn has lost four of five.“They were the better team. I don’t know how else to say it,” Nets coach Kenny Atkinson said. “They were better from start to finish. You have to give them credit. They’re a team that’s going to compete for a championship. We were not up to those standards that you have to be almost perfect and we weren’t. I would say we were average and that’s not good enough to beat that team.”The Nets had cut the deficit to five early in the third quarter before Siakam made a pair of baskets around Marc Gasol’s 3-pointer to make it 66-54. Toronto would get the lead as high as 14 points in the quarter and led 90-78 entering the fourth.MAGIC 114, KNICKS 100 Nikola Vucevic had 29 points and 13 rebounds and Terrence Ross scored 23 points off the bench for host Orlando.Evan Fournier and Aaron Gordon had 19 points apiece for Orlando, which is chasing Miami for the final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference.Mario Hezonja scored 22 of his 29 points in the second half for New York. Kevin Knox scored 21 points and Emmanuel Mudiay had 13 points and 10 assists for the Knicks, who have lost seven of eight.New York cut a 13-point halftime deficit to two points late in the third quarter, but Ross singlehandedly stopped the rally with three straight 3-pointers that gave Orlando an 85-74 advantage heading into the fourth quarter.A version of this article appears in print on , on Page B10 of the New York edition with the headline: Toronto Keeps Victories Record  In Sight With Fifth Straight Win. Order Reprints | Today’s Paper | SubscribeAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byBoston College G Bowman Declares for NBA DraftBy ReutersApril 2, 2019Boston College standout guard Ky Bowman announced Tuesday that he is bypassing his senior season and declaring for the NBA draft.Bowman made his announcement on his Instagram page."It has always been a lifelong dream of mine to play in the NBA," Bowman wrote. "After much thought and consideration with my family, I have decided to declare for the 2019 NBA Draft and take the next step towards achieving my dream."Bowman averaged 19.2 points, 7.6 rebounds and 4.0 assists this season while earning second-team All-Atlantic Coast Conference honors.--Field Level MediaAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported by'Retired' Conor McGregor Hints at ReturnBy ReutersApril 3, 2019(Reuters) - Conor McGregor has hinted his "retirement" from mixed martial arts may be over already after the Irishman said in a post on Twitter: " ... see you in the Octagon"."I want to move forward, with my fans of all faiths and all backgrounds," he Tweeted."All faiths challenge us to be our best selves. It is one world and one for all. Now see you in the Octagon."Two weeks ago, the twice Ultimate Fighting Championship title-holder sent shockwaves around the sporting world by saying he was retiring on Twitter.The announcement drew plenty of scepticism, given a previous "retirement" in 2016 lasted a matter of days. (Reporting by Ian Ransom; Editing by Peter Rutherford)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byDraft Notebook: Murray State's Morant to Make JumpBy ReutersApril 3, 2019All-America sophomore and projected lottery pick Ja Morant is leaving Murray State to enter the 2019 NBA Draft, he announced at a Wednesday news conference.Morant averaged 24.5 points and led the nation with 10 assists per game this season, highlighted by a triple-double against Marquette in a first-round win in the NCAA Tournament.Morant, who also averaged 5.7 rebounds and 1.8 steals in 2018-19, has been projected to be selected as high as No. 2 in the draft behind Duke freshman forward Zion Williamson.He announced that he would be signing with an agent, which would preclude him from regaining his college eligibility.--North Carolina freshman guard Coby White is leaving school for the NBA draft, where early indications are he could be a lottery pick.White (6-foot-5, 185) averaged 16.1 points and 4.1 assists while starting all 35 games for the Tar Heels, shooting 80 percent from the free throw line and 35.3 percent (82 of 232) from 3-point range. He's known more as a shot-maker than a facilitator, posting three games this season with at least 33 points.White, a 2018 McDonald's high school All-American, was projected to be the 11th pick in an ESPN mock draft from March 18.--Tennessee junior guard Jordan Bone said on social media he will enter the NBA draft, but indicated he could still return and plans to use the process to measure his NBA readiness."I plan to make the most of this opportunity and use the experience and feedback to make the most informed decision about my basketball future," Bone said.Bone averaged 13.5 points and 5.8 assists per game last season and was second-team All-SEC. Prospects face an April 21 deadline to enter the draft process, with a May 29 deadline to decide to stay in the draft or return to college.--Vanderbilt freshman post player Simi Shittu announced he will enter the draft and hire an agent, which would eliminate his option to return to school.Shittu, a high school McDonald's All-American who suffered a torn ACL in January 2018, averaged 10.9 points and 6.7 rebounds for the Commodores, who went 9-23 overall and 0-18 in the SEC before firing coach Bryce Drew.--LSU forward Naz Reid, who averaged 13.6 points and a team-high 7.2 rebounds for the Tigers' Sweet 16 team, will hire and agent and turn pro.The former five-star recruit started 32 of 34 games for LSU, which won the SEC regular-season title. Recent mock drafts from ESPN and The Athletic pegged Reid for the middle of the second round, while noting his upside.--Deividas Sirvydis, an 18-year-old wing from Lithuania, has submitted paperwork to be eligible for the NBA draft, according to ESPN, which rates him as the 48th-best prospect for the draft.Sirvydis is playing for Lietuvos Rytas of the EuroCup League, starting 25 games and averaging 5.4 points and shooting 36 percent from 3-point range in 15 minutes per game, according to ESPN.--Eugene German of Northern Illinois has declared for the NBA draft but will keep his options open, as he did last year when he returned to school after going through the pre-draft process.The junior guard averaged 20.4 points this season, shooting 41.4 percent from 3-point range and earning second-team All-Mid-American Conference honors.--Field Level MediaAdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byNaeher Sets Sights on World Cup With Her Usual CalmBy The Associated PressApril 2, 2019When Alyssa Naeher was a college freshman, a senior Penn State teammate told her she couldn't afford to be intimidated.The U.S. national team goalkeeper still carries the advice that Ali Krieger gave her as she readies for the upcoming World Cup. She's not only undaunted by the opponents she faces, she's ignoring the outside noise that's so often directed at her position.Naeher has the unenviable task of taking over for Hope Solo, one of the game's best-ever goalkeepers. Solo was in goal when the U.S. won the World Cup four years ago in Canada, though she was dismissed from the team following the 2016 Olympics in Brazil.Comparisons are inevitable."For me, I think the biggest thing is not getting wrapped up in what other people think, what other people say. At the end of the day, I can only control me, control who I am, the type of player I am, the way that I play and the way that I carry myself," she said. "That's the great thing about this sport and the position specifically, is that there is no black and white way to go about it. We're all different and we all bring our own personality and uniqueness to the team and to the position."Naeher, 30, is known for her calm and steady demeanor. Before games she chills out with crossword puzzles and teammates say she's unflappable — a good trait for a goalkeeper.She's also soft-spoken, which kind of flies in the face of the need to yell downfield at times at the players in front of her. She laughs and said she shouts when it's needed."I think you just kind of switch it on when it comes to games in general. You know, you get in the moment with it. It's a necessity," she said. "It's big part of the position, making saves and keeping the ball out of the back of the net is obviously task number one and is the most important thing for us as goalkeepers, but then all the organization trying to prevent attacks and stuff before they even get to me is almost as important."Naeher, coming off a shoulder injury that kept her out of the final two games of the recent SheBelieves Cup, is healthy heading into Thursday's exhibition match against Australia in Colorado. It is the first of five final friendly matches the U.S. team will play heading into the World Cup, which kicks off June 7 in France.Naeher is essentially the team's No. 1 in goal heading into the World Cup, with Ashlyn Harris and Adrianna Franch options off the bench. Franch and Harris took turns starting in the SheBelieves Cup in Naeher's absence: Franch earned her first national team start in goal in a 2-2 draw with England, while Harris posted a shutout in a 1-0 victory over Brazil.But the group as a whole is under greater scrutiny as the defending champions approach the World Cup. The team is 2-1-2 so far this year, after going 18-0-2 last season. Critics say the national team should have focused more on developing goalkeepers during Solo's reign."I want my teammates to feel the utmost confidence with any three of us goalkeepers in goal," Harris said. "I think we have an incredible goalkeeper unit. At any moment any of us can step in and have big performances and play in big games and make impacts. And I think that's what we've showed. It's a collective effort every day, we work our tails off every single day, and only one gets to play and that's difficult."Naeher, who also plays for the Chicago Red Stars in the National Women's Soccer League, made her debut with the senior national team in 2014. She has 41 appearances with 22 shutouts.She said she learned her most valuable soccer lesson at Penn State. It came courtesy of Krieger, who was a senior when Naeher was a freshman. Krieger is now a teammate on the national team, called up for the exhibition games against Australia on Thursday and Belgium on Sunday in Los Angeles."I was very, very quiet at that time, especially coming in as a freshman. And I felt like, who am I to be telling this All-American senior ahead of me what to do, right?" Naeher said. "And she kind of pulled me aside and was like, 'You have to open your mouth. You're not yelling at me. You're not saying anything. You're not helping me. You're not giving information. We need that. We need that from you. We need that kind of going forward.' To me that was a big kind of a turning point. It was like, 'Oh she wants to hear my voice.' So I've kept that with me."Naeher and Harris were both included on the roster for the World Cup in Canada, and Naeher was Solo's backup at the 2016 Olympics. Coach Jill Ellis is expected to take three goalkeepers to France.Naeher is looking at the opportunity this summer with her usual composure."I've kind of found over the years that it's best to just keep that even mindset, not too high and not too low," she said. "There's obviously a lot of defensive strategies and changes leading into a game, and within a game. The more that I can kind of just stay in the moment and kind of take it all in, the better position I'll put myself in."AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported by30-Year-Old Kelly Wins MLB Debut as D-Backs Rout Padres 10-3By The Associated PressApril 2, 2019SAN DIEGO — It was a night of memorable debuts for the Arizona Diamondbacks.Merrill Kelly paused for a moment before making his first big league appearance at age 30."I took a minute before I threw the first pitch and took in the stadium, took in the surroundings, just so I can have that memory before I stepped on the rubber," the right-hander said. "Once I got going, once I stepped on the rubber, it was game time."Kelly threw six strong innings for the victory and benefited from an offensive outburst started by Adam Jones' leadoff homer to lead the Arizona Diamondbacks over the San Diego Padres 10-3 Saturday night.A few hours later, the bullpen gate opened and right-hander Jon Duplantier, 24, jogged in to throw his first big league pitches when he took over for Kelly starting the bottom of the seventh."I wasn't nervous jogging in. I was more nervous warming up," Duplantier said. "As soon as I walked through the door, hit the pad and took about three steps before it was like, 'OK, I'm not going to fall, I'm not going to trip,' because I've got big feet and every now and then the turf monster will get me, but he didn't get me today."Took about three steps and I just couldn't stop looking up, just taking it all in like everybody was encouraging me to do. It was just pure joy. I felt like a child, you know, like, 'Hey, go play, run free. Go play. These people are watching you.' I was just so happy," he said."It was a special day for him and Jon, two guys making their major league debut," manager Tory Lovullo said. "You'd never suspect it by their mound presence, their poise and their ability to attack hitters."Padres rookie shortstop Fernando Tatis Jr. hit his first big league homer, a two-run shot in the sixth that landed at the base of the Western Metal Supply Co. building in left field.Kelly (1-0), who grew up in Arizona, joined the Diamondbacks on a two-year contract in December after spending four seasons with the SK Wyverns in Korea. That followed five seasons in the Tampa Bay organization. He became the first player with no big league experience to play in Korea and return directly to the majors.Kelly held San Diego to three runs and five hits while striking out three and walking two.Kelly started strong thanks to his defense. Left fielder David Peralta made a diving catch of a liner by leadoff batter Ian Kinsler, and center fielder Ketel Marte made a sliding catch of Eric Hosmer's liner.San Diego didn't get a hit until Franchy Cordero, who entered in a double switch in the third inning, singled to right in the bottom of the inning. Cordero had an infield single in the fifth that hit off Kelly, who stayed in the game.Kelly faltered in his final inning, allowing Hosmer's double and Manny Machado's single before Franmil Reyes hit a sacrifice fly. With two outs, Tatis, the team's prized prospect and the son of the former big leaguer, drove the first pitch he saw for his first homer."I enjoyed it as soon as I hit it and it was a pretty decent walk around the bases," Tatis said. "Took that one out of the way, first one, here we go, a lot more to come."Matt Strahm (0-1) had a rough season debut for the Padres, allowing five runs and eight hits while walking two in just 2 2/3 innings. The left-hander is in the rotation this year after making five starts as an opener last year and 41 appearances overall as he was eased back from surgery on his torn left patellar tendon the previous season while with Kansas City."I was just getting a little too much plate and they were taking advantage of it." Strahm said. "They clearly read the scouting report that I'm aggressive with my fastball and jumped on it early, so I found myself pitching behind there a little bit."Jones, who played at San Diego's Morse High, homered to left on Strahm's third pitch, his third, and David Peralta added an RBI double. Eduardo Escobar hit an RBI single in the second and the Diamondbacks chased Strahm in the third on Nick Ahmed's sac fly and Alex Avila's run-scoring single.The Diamondbacks piled on with four runs in the fifth against Robbie Erlin, who allowed four hits before getting an out.GRAND CANYON BALLERSKelly is the fifth Diamondbacks player to play high school and college ball in Arizona, joining Jake Barrett, Tuffy Gosewisch, Cody Ransom and Ed Vosberg. Kelly grew up in Scottsdale and attended Desert Mountain High, Yavapai College and Arizona State.UP NEXTDiamondbacks: RHP Zack Greinke (0-1, 17.18) is scheduled to start Tuesday night. He's looking to bounce back from opening day, when he allowed seven earned runs in 3 2/3 innings in a 12-5 loss at the Los Angeles Dodgers.Padres: LHP Eric Lauer (1-0, 0.00) threw six shutout innings in an opening day victory against San Francisco.___AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byGiants Rally to Beat Rival Dodgers 4-2 in Series OpenerBy The Associated PressApril 2, 2019LOS ANGELES — Every game to begin the season has been a close call for the San Francisco Giants.After a rough start in San Diego — where they dropped three of four — they eked out a 4-2 victory over the rival Los Angeles Dodgers on Monday night.Four of the Giants' first five games have been decided by two runs or fewer; last season, they had the most such games in the majors like that."We had a tough weekend in San Diego and tonight we got good pitching, good defense, and timely hitting," manager Bruce Bochy said. "We're going to have a lot of close games and we have to play like this to win."Brandon Belt hit a go-ahead, two-run double off Scott Alexander in the seventh inning to propel the Giants. He homered on the first pitch from struggling reliever Joe Kelly leading off the sixth that left San Francisco trailing 2-1."Home runs aren't my focus but anytime you get a good pitch to hit and get good wood on it, it feels good," he said.Pinch-hitter Yangervis Solarte reached on an infield single to third leading off the seventh. Two outs later, Solarte scored on Pablo Sandoval's single that took one bounce off the mound and sailed into center field. Fans lustily booed Kelly (0-1).Steven Duggar followed with a double to center, and boos again rang in Kelly's ears as he walked to the dugout after being removed."That's nothing," said Kelly, a World Series winner last year with the Boston Red Sox. "I played in a place where it's a lot worse."Trailing 4-2 in the ninth, Dodgers pinch-hitter Max Muncy walked. But Cody Bellinger and Chris Taylor struck out to end the game, wasting a stellar start from young left-hander Julio Urias."He was fantastic," raved Dodgers manager Dave Roberts about Urias. "He had command of all his pitches, got ahead of guys. It was fun to watch."Trevor Gott (1-0) earned the victory and Will Smith recorded his second save.Kelly has proven disappointing in his first two outings. He signed a $25 million, three-year deal to come over from the Red Sox in December after not allowing a run in five World Series appearances against the Dodgers last fall.The right-hander gave up three hits, two earned runs, and a walk in 1 1/3 innings against Arizona in his debut Friday."Two really, really horse crap outings, results-wise," Kelly said. "The key for me is pitching with the proper mechanics, which I think is there. Everything is coming out crisp. The results will come."Giants third baseman Evan Longoria went 0 for 4 with a strikeout in his return after a sore left calf kept him out Sunday against San Diego.Taylor and pinch-hitter Alex Verdugo homered in the fifth to give the Dodgers a 2-0 lead. Their power surge carried over from a season-opening series against Arizona in which they smashed 14 homers.The Dodgers were limited to a trio of singles over the first four innings before Taylor and Verdugo homered off Drew Pomeranz in his Giants' debut to give the Dodgers a 2-0 lead.For Taylor, it was his first hit of the season after going 0 for 9 against the Diamondbacks.One out later, Verdugo stroked his second career pinch-hit homer into center field. He came in for Urias, who made his first start in nearly two years with Clayton Kershaw and Rich Hill on the injured list.Urias allowed three hits over five innings and struck out seven. The 22-year-old spent most of last season recovering from left shoulder surgery."I felt really confident and comfortable," Urias said through a translator. "Everything was working really well."Pomeranz gave up two runs and six hits in five innings. The left-hander struck out six and walked one while falling to 1-5 in eight career appearances against the Dodgers. He faced them for the first time since 2016."I was amped up when the game started and was throwing hard," he said. "I was excited to be out there. I was maybe a little too pumped up because my pitches were missing a little bit early on but I settled myself down."TRAINER'S ROOMDodgers: Kershaw (shoulder inflammation) will make a minor league rehab start in Oklahoma City on Thursday. After that, the left-hander and the team will decide whether he needs one more start before returning to the majors.HOMER HAPPYThe Dodgers have homered in all five games to start the season, the first time they've done so since 2003.UP NEXTMadison Bumgarner (0-1, 2.57 ERA) takes the mound for the Giants against fellow lefty Hyun-Jin Ryu (1-0, 1.50) in the middle game of the series.___AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byDavis Hits Fifth Home Run in 7 Games, A's Beat Red Sox 7-0By The Associated PressApril 2, 2019OAKLAND, Calif. — Pitcher Aaron Brooks reminded himself to hustle and back up home, even though he had zero doubt strong-armed center fielder Ramon Laureano would throw out the runner at the plate.Brooks didn't have to do a thing. And a run got saved, at an early stage of the game when momentum means so much.Khris Davis hit his fifth home run over Oakland's first seven games, Laureano connected and also saved the run with a perfect throw, and the Athletics scored their first five runs on homers to beat the struggling Boston Red Sox 7-0 on Monday night."Those ones are kind of like in the moment so adrenaline gets you going," Laureano said. "It's the same thing we practice every day."Davis led the majors with 48 homers last season, and he went deep again leading off the second against David Price (0-1), who then struck out three straight before giving up Laureano's leadoff drive the next inning."Sometimes I stay up at night trying to think of more superlatives to say about Khris Davis because I know I'm probably going to have to when I come in here after the game," manager Bob Melvin said. "But I'm kind of all out of them. Go ask him, go ask his teammates. It's amazing. He just keeps getting better and better."Chad Pinder added a two-run homer in the sixth for the A's to back Brooks (1-0) in his first start since 2015.The right-hander tossed six scoreless innings with six strikeouts and a walk to continue a stretch of stellar outings by A's starters. They have given up just one run over 30 innings the past five games since the team returned from an 0-2 trip to Tokyo, all allowing three hits or fewer. There has been a pair of shutouts, too.The ERA during this span? 0.30."Obviously when the first four go that well you kind of have to keep the roll going, or at least try," Brooks said.Pinder's first home run of the year was the 11th surrendered by Red Sox starters in 20 innings to begin 2019. Matt Chapman homered leading off the eighth before pinch-hitter Kendrys Morales' RBI single.Xander Bogaerts went 2 for 3 with a double after Boston's shortstop signed a $120 million, six-year contract covering 2020-25, a deal that raises his guarantee to $132 million over seven seasons.He doubled and went home on Mitch Moreland's single, but Bogaerts was out at the plate on a 96 mph throw home by Laureano. The call stood after going to replay review, although it appeared Bogaerts' foot beat the tag by catcher Nick Hundley."It seems like we were putting something together and Laureano changed the game with that throw," Red Sox manager Alex Cora said.The tarp was on the infield more than three hours before first pitch because of rain, and neither team took batting practice on the field. There was a short drizzle before Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 900th career appearance. It tied him for 25th all-time with Arthur Rhodes.Price struck out nine with two walks over six innings, tagged for four runs and five hits — with the three homers. It was the left-hander's 300th major league appearance, 290th start.It has been a slow start for the defending champion Red Sox, who lost three of four at Seattle to open the year and begin 2019 with an 11-game road trip. It is the most road games to begin a season in franchise history."There's no panic in this clubhouse or the dugout. Just nothing good is happening right now," Price said. "We'd rather it happen right now than the last two weeks of September or whatever. We'll get through this time and we'll be better for it."Boston has struggled at the Oakland Coliseum, 15-36 in the last 51 games while going 3-12-1 in their previous 16 series here.CAFARDO TRIBUTEA pregame tribute and applause, instead of a moment of silence, was held in honor of late Boston Globe baseball writer Nick Cafardo, who died at age 62 in February while at spring training in Florida. A bouquet of flowers sat on the table at his press box seat.CHAMPS GALOREOn Tuesday night, the reigning World Series champs will play next-door at the same time the two-time defending NBA champion Golden State Warriors host the Denver Nuggets at Oracle Arena.TRAINER'S ROOMRed Sox: 2B Dustin Pedroia, on the injured list with left knee inflammation, was scheduled to play nine innings in his second extended spring training game Tuesday before beginning a rehab assignment with Class A Greenville on Thursday.Athletics: RHP Chris Bassitt will start for Class A Stockton on Thursday as he works back from the injured list for a bruised right lower leg.UP NEXTRed Sox: LHP Chris Sale (0-1, 21.00 ERA), tagged for seven runs in three innings pitching opening day at Seattle, makes his second 2019 start.Athletics: RHP Mike Fiers (1-1, 5.00) looks to build off six scoreless innings in the home opener Thursday against the Angels.___AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byRyan Scores Twice, Flames Chase Quick in 7-2 Rout of KingsBy The Associated PressApril 2, 2019LOS ANGELES — The Calgary Flames made wholesale changes to their lineup, sitting two top forwards and four defensemen one night after winning the Pacific Division and securing home-ice advantage throughout the Western Conference playoffs.They still steamrolled the hapless Los Angeles Kings.Derek Ryan scored twice, Mark Jankowski had a goal and two assists and the Flames routed the Kings 7-2 on Monday."You don't just turn it on in playoff time," Jankowski said. "This is the time of year where you really ramp it up for playoffs, so for us we want to be playing our best hockey going into the playoffs."Sam Bennett, Johnny Gaudreau, James Neal and Andrew Mangiapane also scored for the Flames, who reached 50 wins for the second time in franchise history. David Rittich made 23 saves.The only other time the Flames won 50 games was in 1988-89, when they had 54 victories in the regular season before hoisting their only Stanley Cup. Ryan said this group is trying to appreciate its current success but understands what comes next is more important."I think that we're trying to take a step back and realize that we've really accomplished something special here, but you're just so consumed in the middle of the season," Ryan said. "All these games going on, it's hard to really do that. I think maybe at the end of the year we can do that, but right now the goal is ahead of us and we're looking forward to that."Kings goalie Jonathan Quick was removed in the third period after allowing seven goals on 25 shots. Kyle Clifford and Dustin Brown scored, and Anze Kopitar had an assist in his 1,000th game.It took some time for the reconfigured Flames to find their footing. Gaudreau put them up 3-2 at 6:46 of the second period with a sharp-angle shot into the far corner, but the real barrage started 13 seconds into the third when Neal scored for a 4-2 lead.Ryan got his second goal at 2:33, and Mangiapane made it 6-2 at 8:30.Jack Campbell replaced Quick after Jankowski put the Flames ahead 7-2 at 8:45. Campbell made five saves in relief."I thought it was a tough game to go out and play, obviously, with things the way they are. But I thought with a lot of new guys drawing into the lineup, they played really well against a tough LA team," Ryan said. "I was really happy about how our roster went out there and were professional and played a really good game."While the Flames were focused on playing their best hockey going into the playoffs, the Kings sounded like a team finally ready to throw in the towel on a frustrating season."I wish we played all four games in a row, to be honest," defenseman Drew Doughty said. "I just want to get this over with."NOTES: Bennett, back after missing five games because of an upper-body injury, and Kings D Kurtis MacDermid did not return after both players were injured in a collision late in the second period. Flames coach Bill Peters said Bennett "dodged a bullet" and would play again in the regular season. MacDermid will not travel with the Kings for their next game, coach Willie Desjardins said. ... Kings forward Ilya Kovalchuk had an assist after being a healthy scratch the previous six games.UP NEXTFlames: At the Anaheim Ducks on Wednesday night.Kings: At the Arizona Coyotes on Tuesday night.___AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byMarchessault's Goal Leads Golden Knights Over Oilers 3-1By The Associated PressApril 2, 2019LAS VEGAS — Don't tell Vegas coach Gerard Gallant the rest of the regular season is meaningless.Though the Golden Knights already became the seventh NHL team to make the playoffs in each of its first two seasons, Gallant insisted the final three games mean plenty to them.That showed Monday night.Jonathan Marchessault scored his sixth game-winning goal and Vegas earned a 3-1 victory over the Edmonton Oilers."Tonight was a perfect game for me," Gallant said. "Going down the stretch, the games don't mean nothing in the standings, but keep guys going, keep them going well, and I thought they played a good, solid game."With third place in the Pacific Division and a first-round playoff date with San Jose already locked up, Vegas ended a five-game losing streak. The Golden Knights won the season series 3-1, outscoring Edmonton 15-9.Cody Eakin and Pierre-Edouard Bellemare also scored for Vegas, which is 11-4-2 since the trade deadline.Malcolm Subban stopped 18 shots while making his ninth straight start in place of Marc-Andre Fleury. Subban ended an 0-3-2 skid since earning his first career shutout on March 21 and has a 2.67 goals-against average during the nine-game span."It was a good win, for sure. It felt good. It was a good team win," Subban said. "You always want to try and get the first goal and play in front — that obviously helps a lot over the course of the game. That makes it a little bit easier."Eakin gave the Golden Knights a 1-0 lead early in the first period when he gathered the puck just outside the blue line, skated to the top of the right circle and roofed a wrist shot past Edmonton goaltender Mikko Koskinen."Every game is important this time of year and we want to build some good habits. Tonight was a good start and we'll continue that," Eakin said. "I think we know how we need to be successful. I thought we had some good habits tonight to get back to that winning way."Marchessault's eventual game-winner came 51 seconds into the second when he poked the puck away from Leon Draisaitl in the defensive zone, broke free alone and beat Koskinen with a backhand between his legs to make it 2-0. Marchessault has scored a point in 17 of his last 26 games, with eight goals and 15 assists.The Oilers, meanwhile, started the game with their playoff hopes intact but were eliminated from contention midway through the first period when Colorado earned a point in a shootout loss at St. Louis."It is what it is — we're out. It doesn't matter how many points you miss by, there's eight that are in, and eight that are out," coach Ken Hitchcock said. "At this time of year you want your team to compete at a high level and for the most part we did."Koskinen made 28 saves and Connor McDavid tied a career best with his 41st goal for Edmonton. McDavid was left alone in the right circle, received a pass from linemate Zack Kassian and fired a wrist shot through Subban's legs to make it 2-1.Bellemare's empty-netter provided the final margin.NOTES: Vegas RW Reilly Smith celebrated his 28th birthday. ... With his assist on Bellemare's goal, William Karlsson has scored a point in 11 of 15 games, with six goals and 11 assists. Karlsson is two shy of 100 career assists ... Fleury was scratched again and remains day-to-day with a lower-body injury. ... McDavid, who ranks second in NHL scoring, 11 points behind Tampa Bay's Nikita Kucherov, has a career-high 115 points this season. McDavid has also set a career best with 74 assists.UP NEXTOilers: At the Colorado Avalanche on Tuesday.Golden Knights: Host the Arizona Coyotes on Thursday.___AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byCulver, Mooney Take Different Paths to Tech and Final FourBy The Associated PressApril 2, 2019Hometown standout Jarrett Culver was the first recruit Chris Beard reached out to when he got to Lubbock as Texas Tech's head coach three years ago.Then, when the Red Raiders were coming off their first NCAA Elite Eight appearance last season and had to replace a senior All-Big 12 point guard, they targeted Matt Mooney, a graduate transfer from South Dakota who began his college career at Air Force after accepting his only Division I offer.The two guards who got to the Big 12 Conference school in the plains of West Texas in distinctly different ways have helped lead Texas Tech (30-6) to the Final Four for the first time."Hard work pays off. For believers, you reap when you sow," Mooney said. "They didn't pick us to win the Big 12 or to be here right now, but we keep believing in each other, and we're going to keep doing it."At one point last weekend in Anaheim, Calif., before the Red Raiders beat top seed Gonzaga in the West Regional final, Beard asked Culver if the sophomore was having fun.When Culver responded "Yes sir," Beard drew laughter in the room when he told the Big 12 player of the year and second-team AP All-American: "We should do this again next year together."The 6-foot-6 Culver, Tech's leading scorer and rebounder at 18.9 points and 6.4 rebounds a game, is expected to be a high draft pick in this year's NBA draft. But first comes Texas Tech's first Final Four game Saturday night in Minneapolis against Michigan State (32-6). And then maybe a trip to the title game.Even though he grew up close to the Texas Tech campus, Culver dreamed of "going other places, bigger places" to play college basketball. He went to only a few Red Raiders games, but Beard told him during a long recruiting process that he could make a legacy in his hometown.Culver has now been a part of Texas Tech's two deepest runs in the NCAA Tournament. Before last season, the Red Raiders had never been to the Elite Eight and their previous Sweet 16 had been in 2005, when the guard was only 6 years old and Beard was an assistant coach there for Bob Knight.Beard has seen a different level of maturity this season in Culver, a kid who has always loved the game and put in the work. Instead of just shooting in the gym for a couple of hours, he now does calculated work."Specifically, I think he's become a better defensive player. And on offense, he's just a much better passer," Beard said. "I think as a freshman, he was a confident scorer, a young great player. Now he's a legitimate guy that can beat you with the pass or the shot, and so I think he's just developed."Not only has he increased his scoring and rebounding averages (11.2 ppg, 4.8 rpg as a freshman), Culver has nearly two more assists per game (from 1.8 to 3.7 as a sophomore).Mooney had a lot more schools interested in him when the 6-3 guard decided to leave South Dakota after two seasons. He started all 68 of his games with the Coyotes, averaging 18.7 points and making 36 percent of his 3-pointers.With All-Big 12 guard Keenan Evans among five seniors gone after last season, along with high-soaring freshman forward Zhaire Smith for early entry in the NBA draft, the Red Raiders got older again with two grad transfers who became full-time starters — Mooney and 6-10 post Tariq Owens from St. John's.It didn't take long for the older newcomers to blend in with their new team."For me, it's just proving yourself all over again to a new group of guys, your teammates and your coaches," said Mooney, who has averaged 11.0 points and made 38 percent of his 3s while starting every game.Mooney also earned a new nickname for his approach to the game and his competitiveness."He overthinks things. He's a perfectionist. The great thing about him is he is detailed-oriented and he's got a little bit of stubbornness to him. He thinks he's the best player in the country but all the great ones do," Beard said."On the flip side, it can get annoying from time to time. So (guard Davide Moretti) gave him the nickname professor. 'All right, Professor. You're right on everything.' Those guys have a special relationship."And a special season.___AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byPanthers Goalie Luongo to Turn 40, Figure Out What's NextBy The Associated PressApril 3, 2019SUNRISE, Fla. — Roberto Luongo won 227 games during his 20s. He won 262 more games during his 30s.And now, his 40s await.Florida's veteran goalie — the oldest netminder and third-oldest player to appear in the NHL this season — will celebrate his milestone 40th birthday on Thursday. He's tentatively scheduled to start the Panthers' season-finale on Saturday night. Then it'll be time for Luongo to begin his rite of spring: figuring out whether to keep playing."I don't really want to make any decisions over the course of a season," said Luongo, who would be the 20th goalie to play an NHL game as a 40something. "Obviously, there's a lot of emotions involved with that and you want to make sure that you make the right decision for all parties involved. I still love to play the game, and we'll see where it goes."Luongo still has three years left on his contract and hasn't given any indication that he's looking at Saturday night as a farewell. He led the Panthers' goaltender corps in starts and minutes this season — even after injuring a knee on opening night and missing a month, then being sidelined again a few weeks later with an aggravation of the same problem.The Panthers missed the playoffs again. The franchise hasn't won a postseason series since 1996. But in the room, Luongo's voice still carries more weight than any other."He's a future Hall of Famer," said 22-year-old Sam Montembeault — a rookie and possibly Florida's goalie heir apparent, who grew up idolizing Luongo and now sits next to him in the locker room. "Every time I come to the rink, I'm learning from him. Before every game, he gives me advice, talks to me about the tendencies of certain players. I hope at 39 years old I can be as good as he is. I'll take that any day."Luongo's numbers this season weren't great: His goals-against average is 3.10, the highest of any full season in his career, and his save percentage is a career-low .900. But the Panthers were plagued by defensive issues all season, which needs consideration when looking at Luongo's numbers. And he's finishing the year strong, with a 4-1-0 record in his last five starts."I know he wants to finish this season off the right way," Panthers coach Bob Boughner said. "And I think, after the season, he's going to relax and he's going to take some time. He's going to spend some time with his family and think about what he wants to do next year."The Panthers plan to be active in free agency this summer. They'll likely target a top goalie on July 1 and have been high on Montembeault's potential.Still, it would still be shocking if Florida didn't try to convince Luongo to come back.He remains a fan favorite, the veritable face of the franchise. He's third in NHL history in wins, second all-time in saves, and has won more games with the Panthers than any two other goalies to ever don the team colors have combined. And if anyone thinks his mind is made up, Luongo turned to Twitter this week in an effort to debunk a report that health issues are soon going to usher in the end of his career."The only thing that I don't really enjoy is when you see something that's completely fabricated," Luongo said. "That's the part that sometimes you're not too happy about. But that being said, I've been through it many times. I handled it the best way that I could by making a joke out of it, and I'm moving on from there."___AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byMessi and Suarez Late Show Rescues Barca in 4-4 Draw at VillarrealBy ReutersApril 2, 2019VILA-REAL, Spain — Barcelona's Lionel Messi came off the bench in his side's hour of need to inspire the Liga leaders to battle back from 4-2 down in stoppage time to snatch a remarkable 4-4 draw at struggling Villarreal on Tuesday.The Catalans avoided a first league loss since November with a thumping left-foot strike from Luis Suarez deep into added time after captain and top scorer Messi gave them hope with a deadly free kick in the 90th minute.The draw saw Barca's lead over Atletico Madrid, who earlier won 2-0 at home to Girona, trimmed to eight points ahead of Saturday's top-of-the-table clash at the Nou Camp. Barcelona have 70 points to Atletico's 62 with eight games left.Even without Messi, Gerard Pique and Ivan Rakitic in their starting lineup, the visitors still strolled into the lead through a Philippe Coutinho goal in the 12th minute, which Brazilian forward Malcom soon doubled with a header.But Villarreal, who began the game one point above the relegation zone, hauled themselves into contention with a strike from 19-year-old Samuel Chukwueze midway through the first half.Cameroon striker Karl Toko Ekambi took advantage of slack positioning from Barca goalkeeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen to equalise soon after the interval and Vicente Iborra completed the home side's remarkable revival just after the hour mark.Barca's Argentine talisman Messi was called from the bench to rescue the champions but instead Villarreal increased their lead with a strike from their substitute Carlos Bacca.Villarreal's Alvaro Gonzalez was then dismissed for a second booking with four minutes remaining, paving the way for South Americans Messi and Suarez to strike for Barcelona and produce a remarkable finish to an enthralling contest."It was a crazy game, one which it seemed either side could have won comfortably, and it speaks volumes about the strength of this league, where you can never assume you're going to win a game easily," said Barca coach Ernesto Valverde."It was very important not to lose, even though we wanted the three points. The sensation we felt with the late comeback makes us feel very good, it shows we are never ready to give in. If we'd lost we'd be feeling different about the Atletico game."EARLY ADVANTAGEBarca seized an early advantage when Brazilian Malcom tore down the right wing and rolled the ball across the goal for Coutinho to tap into an empty net.Malcom then scored his first goal in La Liga by heading home a cross from Arturo Vidal, while Coutinho should have made it 3-0 but his attempted chip bounced off the far post.Villarreal got back into the game with the help of veteran midfielder Santi Cazorla, who picked out Chukwueze with an incisive pass, and although the Nigerian shot against the post, he calmly tucked the rebound into the net.The hosts were galvanised and produced a bold and exciting display of counter-attacking football that made it easy to forget they have been struggling at the foot of the table for most of the season.But, spurred on by Messi, Barca roared back to life, showing why they enjoy such a generous lead at the top of the league.Despite the euphoria of the game's finale, Valverde urged his players to improve for the rest of the season as they look to win a treble of La Liga, Champions League and Copa del Rey."This game should help us a lot with the games we have left and make us realise that there's still a lot left to do," he said with Atletico up next and Manchester United waiting in next week's Champions league quarter-final, first leg."We can't allow our opponents to outnumber us in attack like they did today, if we are to attack well we need to defend well." (Reporting by Richard Martin; Editing by Ken Ferris)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byNaholo's World Cup Hopes Hang in Balance After Knee InjuryBy ReutersApril 2, 2019WELLINGTON — All Blacks winger Waisake Naholo's hopes of making the Rugby World Cup in Japan later this year hang in balance after he suffered a knee injury at training that ruled him out for up to six weeks.The 27-year-old, a member of the All Blacks World Cup winning-squad in 2015, had a scan on Tuesday and was diagnosed with "a grade two MCL injury", the Otago Highlanders said in a statement."He is currently in a knee brace and will be unavailable for up to 6 weeks while he is rehabilitating," the team added.The injury could not have come at a worse time for the Fiji-born Naholo, who has appeared short on confidence and has not played at the level that earned him 26 caps for the All Blacks.His expected return in mid-May would give him just four regular season games to convince All Blacks coach Steve Hansen that he would be able to regain his form ahead of the Rugby Championship and force his way into World Cup contention.Naholo is one of several All Blacks battling long-term injuries ahead of the Sept. 20-Nov.2 World Cup in Japan.His Highlanders team mate Liam Squire also suffered a knee injury at training last month, while Sam Cane is still recovering from a broken neck he sustained last year.Captain Kieran Read, who came back game from an extended break on Friday, was also an injury scare for Hansen as he had to be replaced after 40 minutes due to bruising to his right leg against the Wellington Hurricanes.Naholo will be sorely missed by the Highlanders, who have lost three of their last four games and not won since week two of the competition, dropping to fourth in the New Zealand conference.Their match with the Canterbury Crusaders three weeks ago was cancelled due to the shooting at two Christchurch mosques on March 15 that killed 50 people.The Highlanders will face the Hurricanes in Dunedin on Friday before travelling to Christchurch for the return game against the table-topping Crusaders on April 12. (Reporting by Greg Stutchbury; Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byJuve Victory at Cagliari Marred by Kean AbuseBy ReutersApril 2, 2019CAGLIARI, Italy — Juventus teenager Moise Kean appeared to suffer racist abuse after scoring a late goal to give the Turin side a 2-0 win at Cagliari in Serie A on Tuesday.Kean, who had been jeered throughout the game, turned in Rodrigo Bentancur's cross with five minutes left and then stood in front of the Cagliari fans behind the goal and opened his arms.In response, Cagliari's supporters made the noise which is described by Italian media as "buu" and is regarded as a racist insult in Italian football, although some fans argue it is simply to annoy opposing players regardless of race. Monkey noises could also be heard among the crowd.Shortly after the goal, Juve's French midfielder Blaise Matuidi protested furiously to the referee and at one point appeared to threaten to walk off. Matuidi complained last year that he was subject to racist abuse at the same stadium and Cagliari later apologised.Play was halted on Tuesday and a warning was broadcast to the crowd -- the first step in the so-called three step procedure which ultimately leads to the teams being led off the field. Play resumed amid more booing and the referee blew the final whistle shortly afterwards.Juventus defender Leonardo Bonucci, scorer of the opening goal in the 22nd minute, said Kean was partly to blame for the incident."You celebrate goals with your team mates," he said. "He could have done it differently... I think the blame is fifty-fifty. Moise should not have done that and the Curva should not have reacted in that way."Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri said he had been too immersed in the game to notice the abuse."As usual at the stadium there are idiots but also normal people," he said. "The uncivilised ones must be identified with the cameras and no longer allowed to enter." Cagliari president Tommaso Giulini blamed Kean for his celebration. "I heard mostly boos, if they started making animal noises then we were in the wrong," he said. "What happened at the end was because of a celebration which was wrong and it would have happened with any other player."Kean, 19, has scored in each of his last four games -- two for Juventus and two for Italy.The win took Juventus on to 81 points from 30 games with second-placed Napoli 18 points behind ahead of their game at Empoli on Wednesday.Juventus were again without Cristiano Ronaldo who is recovering from a thigh injury he suffered playing for Portugal a week ago.In December, Inter Milan were ordered to play two home games behind closed doors after Napoli defender Kalidou Koulibaly was racially insulted during a game at San Siro.In 2017, there was an outcry after Ghanaian player Sulley Muntari was booked and sent off after complaining about racist abuse while playing for Pescara, also at Cagliari. (Writing by Brian Homewood; Editing by Toby Davis)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byHungry Wolves Beat 10-Man Manchester United 2-1By ReutersApril 2, 2019April 2 (Reuters) - WOLVERHAMPTON WANDERERS 2 MANCHESTER UNITED 1Wolverhampton Wanderers repeated their FA Cup defeat of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's Manchester United as a Chris Smalling own goal gave them another 2-1 win in a pulsating Premier League game on Tuesday.Despite the distraction of next week's Champions League quarter-final against Barcelona, United, who finished the game with 10 men after Ashley Young was sent off in the second half, came out strongly for Solskjaer's second game as permanent manager.Romelu Lukaku missed an early point-blank header, before Scottish midfielder Scott McTominay swept a low 13th-minute shot from outside the box past Rui Patricio to make it 1-0.Undaunted and fielding a strong team despite their own distraction of an FA Cup semi-final against Watford on Sunday, Wolves quickly settled on a cold night at Molineux and began creating chances of their own. Portuguese striker Diogo Jota hit a deserved equaliser from close range in the 25th minute after a nervy-looking Fred had lost control and Raul Jimenez threaded the ball into the area. United went down to 10 men in the 57th minute when right back Young was sent off for a second yellow card after a reckless hack on Jota.That enabled Wolves to pour forward, and in the 77th minute they got the winner thanks to a Smalling own goal after a scramble near the line.The result left Manchester United fifth in table on 61 points, level with fourth-placed Tottenham Hotspur who have played a game fewer. Wolves are seventh on 47. (Reporting by Andrew Cawthorne; Editing by Toby Davis)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byU.S. Women's Soccer Team Says Lawsuit About More Than MoneyBy ReutersApril 2, 2019LOS ANGELES — Members of the United States women's soccer squad (USWNT) have told Reuters their lawsuit against the national federation alleging gender discrimination is not just about wages but also improving the sport for women participating in it at all levels. All 28 members of the squad were named as plaintiffs in the lawsuit, which was filed in federal court last month and says the women are not paid the same as their male counterparts.While the U.S. men's team have voiced their support, the U.S. Soccer Federation has said it was surprised by the lawsuit, with its president, Carlos Cordeiro, saying it strives for equal pay and has boosted its investment in female player development programs.Midfielder Megan Rapinoe told Reuters in an interview timed with Equal Pay Day on April 2 that they were also pushing for systematic change. "For us it is really important to really look at the bigger picture of the compensation piece," she said. "I don't think you can talk about compensation articulately or intelligently until you have a conversation about funding across the board," she said. "So whether that is youth teams or staffing for each team or promotion and sponsorship, you know, advertising for both teams, I don't think that that is equal yet," she said. "So yes we are fighting for equal compensation but we are also fighting for this larger picture of investment in both programs equally."Since the lawsuit was filed, some companies have stepped in to help close the pay gap. Nutrition snack company Luna Bar on Tuesday announced that it would give each member of the squad competing at the Women's World Cup a one-time payment of $31,250 -- the difference in the bonus paid to the men's World Cup squad.Sportswear company Adidas has also said that if the USWNT win the Women's World Cup this year its sponsored players would receive the same performance bonus payments as their male counterparts.'FLAWED SYSTEM'The players said change was also needed outside the United States. "We are hopeful that FIFA is doing things to put more women in executive positions and more women within FIFA in general," striker Alex Morgan told Reuters. "We still feel like they are very behind on the trend and we are hopeful that what we are doing today and the continual fight that we have will help FIFA proactively change the inner workings of the system that is very flawed within them as well."Morgan said the team hoped to improve the lives of the next generation of female athletes. "I think we realize the opportunity we have and the resources we have are due to the generation before us and we hope to increase those opportunities and resources available for the generation after us," she said."We might not see equal pay among athletes within our generation but the hope is that the future generations will."The women said the lawsuit would not distract them from their efforts to win back-to-back World Cups, and a fourth title overall, when they compete in France in June."Success for us is very simple and it is very clear from the first second that you get on the team, whether it is like a passing pattern or a small-sided game or a friendly or a World Cup final -- it's winning," Rapinoe said. "It's competing to the best of your ability, it's trying to be the absolute best that you can so for us the expectation is always the same, success for us looks like winning," she said. "It looks like winning the World Cup." (Editing by Peter Rutherford)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byHayes Scores in OT to Lift Jets Over Blackhawks, 4-3By The Associated PressApril 1, 2019CHICAGO — Kevin Hayes and the Winnipeg Jets eventually got the two points they desperately needed.Hayes scored at 3:38 of overtime as Winnipeg defeated the Chicago Blackhawks 4-3 on Monday night to snap a three-game slide and move into sole possession of first place in the Central Division.Hayes cut to the net off the right side, got past Dylan Strome and tucked a shot past Corey Crawford. Winnipeg improved to 96 points, two ahead of St. Louis and Nashville atop the crowded division race."When you get to 3-on-3 (in overtime), it's a lot of open ice," said Hayes, whose 19th goal ended it. "Ultimately we got the two points and that's what we came here to do. It's one step toward finishing in first place."Hayes came through after lingering on the ice longer than coach Paul Maurice wanted."It was really good, especially because his coach was screaming for him to get off the ice for about 30 seconds, until he went down and scored," Maurice said. "I love the confidence."Strome, who hadn't scored in his past 12 games, netted his second goal of the game with 2:20 left in the third period to tie it at 3. By earning a point, Chicago avoided being eliminated from playoff contention for the second straight season — for now."I know where we stand, but now is not the time to evaluate anything or summarize anything," coach Jeremy Colliton said. "I just want us to perform to our highest level. That's how we're going to move this thing forward."If the Colorado Avalanche earn one point Tuesday against Edmonton, the Blackhawks are out the playoffs."We put ourselves in that situation," defenseman Duncan Keith said. "That's the tough part, knowing that we're in this hole. But there's nothing we can do about it now. Hopefully they lose, and hopefully we win the next game."Strome, who also had an assist, beat goalie Connor Hellebuyck on the stick side from the slot after taking a centering pass from Jonathan Toews. Crawford was on the bench for an extra attacker.Jack Roslovic scored two goals to end a 22-game drought, and Adam Lowry also had a goal for the Jets. Roslovic scored for the first time since Feb. 2 when he netted a hat trick versus Anaheim.Toews had a goal and an assist for Chicago and set a career high for points with 78. The 30-year-old Chicago captain's 34th goal tied his best for one season, set in 2008-09.Hellebuyck made 25 saves. Crawford stopped 34 shots, including Mark Scheifele's penalty shot 40 seconds into the second period, but Chicago lost for the third time in its last four.The Jets, who have clinched a playoff berth, conclude the regular season with three more road games: at Minnesota, Colorado and Arizona. Both the Predators and Blues have three games remaining as well.Before missing the playoffs last year, Chicago had a run of nine straight postseason appearances that included Stanley Cup championships in 2010, 2013 and 2015.Toews opened the scoring 4:25 in with a power-play goal from the right circle. He beat Hellebuyck between the legs as Jacob Trouba screened.Lowry tied it at 1 midway through the first on a shot from the left circle that slipped past Crawford on the short side.Roslovic put Winnipeg ahead 2-1 with 34 seconds left in the period. After stealing the puck from Gustav Forsling, he connected on shot from near the goal line on the right slide that slipped between Crawford's pads.Crawford made an easy save on Scheifele's penalty shot, awarded to the Jets' top goal scorer after Toews hooked him from behind on a breakaway.Roslovic took Trouba's centering pass and made it 3-1 at 5:11 of the second on a quick shot from the slot that beat Crawford high on the glove side. Strome cut it to 3-2 just 1:12 later, scoring from the edge of the crease after he beat Winnipeg's Nathan Beaulieu to a loose puck.Scheifele fired a shot past Crawford from the left circle with 3 minutes left in the third period, but the goal was disallowed after a video review showed the Jets entered the zone offside.NOTES: Strome, acquired from Arizona in a trade on Nov. 25, 2018, has 16 goals and 32 assists in 55 games with Chicago. ... Blackhawks forward David Kampf sat out with a facial injury sustained when he was struck with a puck in Los Angeles on Saturday. ... No NHL team based in Winnipeg has ever finished in first place. The current Jets franchise, which entered the NHL in 1999-2000 as the Atlanta Thrashers, finished first in the league's old Southeast Division in 2006-07. The team moved to Winnipeg in 2011. The original Winnipeg Jets franchise, which entered the NHL from the WHA in 1979, never finished higher than second before moving to Phoenix in 1996.UP NEXTJets: At the Minnesota Wild on Tuesday.Blackhawks: Host the St. Louis Blues on Wednesday.___AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byPrize Money in Women's Golf Nothing to Complain About: DaviesBy ReutersApril 3, 2019(Reuters) - Prize money in women's golf pales in comparison to the riches on offer for men, but Laura Davies thinks the $70 million up for grabs on the LPGA Tour this year represents success by any reasonable measure.Never mind that the PGA Tour will distribute about $500 million to its players in 2019. Women's professional golf is doing just fine, according to Davies.At 55, the Englishwoman, who has more than 30 years on the tour, remembers the days when only a couple of dozen elite LPGA players made a decent living, while the vast majority scraped by with barely enough to cover their expenses.It is a different story now.Last year 14 players had more than $1 million in official LPGA earnings, while 101 players cracked six figures. That does not take into account off-course earnings from sponsors and commercial endorsements."I think we're doing great," Davies told Reuters ahead of next month's U.S. Senior Open at Pine Needles in North Carolina."At the U.S. Women's Open this year, we play for $900,000 to the winner. Alright, the guys are getting two million, but who cares? "If you'd told me back in my day when I was a genuine chance that if you win you're going to get $900,000, I wouldn't have believed you."KEEP PLAYINGWhile Davies has 20 LPGA victories, including four majors, she has not won since 2001, but finished in a tie for second at the Founders Cup lat year and believes that she could win again, which is why she plans to keep playing for as long as she can.Davies still hits the ball further than many peers half her age, flying it some 260-270 yards with her driver and sometimes not even using a tee when she wants to hit a fade, but acknowledges her short game often lets her down."If my short game was better I'd be really competitive," she said. "But my chipping is not as good."And I don't hole as many putts as I used to, and these young girls are phenomenal now so I've got my work cut out, but I'm still trying."It is what keeps her on the LPGA Tour, when she could be well excused for choosing instead to tend to her vegetable garden at home in Surrey and enjoying her career earnings of more than $9 million."If I start shooting 77-plus every round then obviously I'll be gone," she said. "But while I can still shoot under par and feel like I've got a chance, if I wake up on Thursday morning and feel like I can win the event, I'll keep going."It has been tough going so far this year with four missed cuts in four starts, but at the 50-and-over senior level she is in a class of her own.Last year she won the inaugural U.S. Senior Women's Open by 10 shots over Juli Inkster at Chicago Golf Club and will defend her crown at Pine Needles from May 16-19.And, no matter what, will be back again next year."I want to play 20 more (Senior Opens)," she said. "I have no plans to retire." (Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; Editing by Greg Stutchbury)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byCulver, Mooney Take Different Paths to Tech and Final FourBy The Associated PressApril 2, 2019Hometown standout Jarrett Culver was the first recruit Chris Beard reached out to when he got to Lubbock as Texas Tech's head coach three years ago.Then, when the Red Raiders were coming off their first NCAA Elite Eight appearance last season and had to replace a senior All-Big 12 point guard, they targeted Matt Mooney, a graduate transfer from South Dakota who began his college career at Air Force after accepting his only Division I offer.The two guards who got to the Big 12 Conference school in the plains of West Texas in distinctly different ways have helped lead Texas Tech (30-6) to the Final Four for the first time."Hard work pays off. For believers, you reap when you sow," Mooney said. "They didn't pick us to win the Big 12 or to be here right now, but we keep believing in each other, and we're going to keep doing it."At one point last weekend in Anaheim, Calif., before the Red Raiders beat top seed Gonzaga in the West Regional final, Beard asked Culver if the sophomore was having fun.When Culver responded "Yes sir," Beard drew laughter in the room when he told the Big 12 player of the year and second-team AP All-American: "We should do this again next year together."The 6-foot-6 Culver, Tech's leading scorer and rebounder at 18.9 points and 6.4 rebounds a game, is expected to be a high draft pick in this year's NBA draft. But first comes Texas Tech's first Final Four game Saturday night in Minneapolis against Michigan State (32-6). And then maybe a trip to the title game.Even though he grew up close to the Texas Tech campus, Culver dreamed of "going other places, bigger places" to play college basketball. He went to only a few Red Raiders games, but Beard told him during a long recruiting process that he could make a legacy in his hometown.Culver has now been a part of Texas Tech's two deepest runs in the NCAA Tournament. Before last season, the Red Raiders had never been to the Elite Eight and their previous Sweet 16 had been in 2005, when the guard was only 6 years old and Beard was an assistant coach there for Bob Knight.Beard has seen a different level of maturity this season in Culver, a kid who has always loved the game and put in the work. Instead of just shooting in the gym for a couple of hours, he now does calculated work."Specifically, I think he's become a better defensive player. And on offense, he's just a much better passer," Beard said. "I think as a freshman, he was a confident scorer, a young great player. Now he's a legitimate guy that can beat you with the pass or the shot, and so I think he's just developed."Not only has he increased his scoring and rebounding averages (11.2 ppg, 4.8 rpg as a freshman), Culver has nearly two more assists per game (from 1.8 to 3.7 as a sophomore).Mooney had a lot more schools interested in him when the 6-3 guard decided to leave South Dakota after two seasons. He started all 68 of his games with the Coyotes, averaging 18.7 points and making 36 percent of his 3-pointers.With All-Big 12 guard Keenan Evans among five seniors gone after last season, along with high-soaring freshman forward Zhaire Smith for early entry in the NBA draft, the Red Raiders got older again with two grad transfers who became full-time starters — Mooney and 6-10 post Tariq Owens from St. John's.It didn't take long for the older newcomers to blend in with their new team."For me, it's just proving yourself all over again to a new group of guys, your teammates and your coaches," said Mooney, who has averaged 11.0 points and made 38 percent of his 3s while starting every game.Mooney also earned a new nickname for his approach to the game and his competitiveness."He overthinks things. He's a perfectionist. The great thing about him is he is detailed-oriented and he's got a little bit of stubbornness to him. He thinks he's the best player in the country but all the great ones do," Beard said."On the flip side, it can get annoying from time to time. So (guard Davide Moretti) gave him the nickname professor. 'All right, Professor. You're right on everything.' Those guys have a special relationship."And a special season.___AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byMessi and Suarez Late Show Rescues Barca in 4-4 Draw at VillarrealBy ReutersApril 2, 2019VILA-REAL, Spain — Barcelona's Lionel Messi came off the bench in his side's hour of need to inspire the Liga leaders to battle back from 4-2 down in stoppage time to snatch a remarkable 4-4 draw at struggling Villarreal on Tuesday.The Catalans avoided a first league loss since November with a thumping left-foot strike from Luis Suarez deep into added time after captain and top scorer Messi gave them hope with a deadly free kick in the 90th minute.The draw saw Barca's lead over Atletico Madrid, who earlier won 2-0 at home to Girona, trimmed to eight points ahead of Saturday's top-of-the-table clash at the Nou Camp. Barcelona have 70 points to Atletico's 62 with eight games left.Even without Messi, Gerard Pique and Ivan Rakitic in their starting lineup, the visitors still strolled into the lead through a Philippe Coutinho goal in the 12th minute, which Brazilian forward Malcom soon doubled with a header.But Villarreal, who began the game one point above the relegation zone, hauled themselves into contention with a strike from 19-year-old Samuel Chukwueze midway through the first half.Cameroon striker Karl Toko Ekambi took advantage of slack positioning from Barca goalkeeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen to equalise soon after the interval and Vicente Iborra completed the home side's remarkable revival just after the hour mark.Barca's Argentine talisman Messi was called from the bench to rescue the champions but instead Villarreal increased their lead with a strike from their substitute Carlos Bacca.Villarreal's Alvaro Gonzalez was then dismissed for a second booking with four minutes remaining, paving the way for South Americans Messi and Suarez to strike for Barcelona and produce a remarkable finish to an enthralling contest."It was a crazy game, one which it seemed either side could have won comfortably, and it speaks volumes about the strength of this league, where you can never assume you're going to win a game easily," said Barca coach Ernesto Valverde."It was very important not to lose, even though we wanted the three points. The sensation we felt with the late comeback makes us feel very good, it shows we are never ready to give in. If we'd lost we'd be feeling different about the Atletico game."EARLY ADVANTAGEBarca seized an early advantage when Brazilian Malcom tore down the right wing and rolled the ball across the goal for Coutinho to tap into an empty net.Malcom then scored his first goal in La Liga by heading home a cross from Arturo Vidal, while Coutinho should have made it 3-0 but his attempted chip bounced off the far post.Villarreal got back into the game with the help of veteran midfielder Santi Cazorla, who picked out Chukwueze with an incisive pass, and although the Nigerian shot against the post, he calmly tucked the rebound into the net.The hosts were galvanised and produced a bold and exciting display of counter-attacking football that made it easy to forget they have been struggling at the foot of the table for most of the season.But, spurred on by Messi, Barca roared back to life, showing why they enjoy such a generous lead at the top of the league.Despite the euphoria of the game's finale, Valverde urged his players to improve for the rest of the season as they look to win a treble of La Liga, Champions League and Copa del Rey."This game should help us a lot with the games we have left and make us realise that there's still a lot left to do," he said with Atletico up next and Manchester United waiting in next week's Champions league quarter-final, first leg."We can't allow our opponents to outnumber us in attack like they did today, if we are to attack well we need to defend well." (Reporting by Richard Martin; Editing by Ken Ferris)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byIndians, Francona Continue Partnership With 2-Year ExtensionBy The Associated PressApril 3, 2019CLEVELAND — Indians manager Terry Francona went skydiving in Arizona during spring training. He insists his thrill-seeking days are over."My feet are on the ground," he said.They'll stay that way in Cleveland.The Indians signed the popular Francona to a two-year contract extension through the 2022 season on Wednesday, giving him more security and a chance to become the longest tenured manager in Cleveland's rich history.Francona's deal was set to expire after 2020, but as he begins his seventh season, the Indians decided to lengthen its successful partnership with the man known as "Tito" for at least two more years.Since being hired in 2013, Francona has led the Indians to three consecutive AL Central titles and the World Series in 2016, when Cleveland lost Game 7 in 10 innings to the Chicago Cubs. The Indians, favored to win the division again in 2019, have made the postseason four times, had a winning record six times and have the AL's best record under Francona."We had exceedingly high expectations when we hired Tito, and the unbelievable thing, is as high as those expectations were, he's gone on to exceed those every day," said Chris Antonetti, the team's president of baseball operatiions. "And it's not just with what happens on the field, it's what happens behind the scenes."In those moments when we're struggling or we're facing challenges or there those moments of adversity, that's when Tito is at his best."Francona joined the Indians after a wildly successful run in Boston, where he helped the Red Sox end their 86-year World Series title drought in 2004. He led them to another championship in 2007 before his stretch ended in 2011.Cleveland was a new beginning, and a familiar place as his father played six seasons for the Indians.He can't imagine being anywhere else."I will say this: I have no ambition to ever work somewhere else," said Francona, who will turn 60 later this month. "There's going to come a time when I can't do this job the way I want to, because of age. That may happen some point, but I don't have any ambition to ever go somewhere else and that's because of the people here."If he stays around three more seasons, and there's little reason to think he won't, Francona will surpass Lou Boudreau for the longest managerial run with the Indians. Boudreau, who was also an All-Star shortstop, managed the Indians from 1942-50. He led them to their last Series title in 1948.The Indians are an AL-best 547-427 (.562) since 2013 under Francona. His 1,576 career wins with Philadelphia, Boston and Cleveland are second most among current major league managers, behind San Francisco's Bruce Bochy.Francona said a key to his success in Cleveland has been due to the strong relationships he's built with Antonetti and general manager Mike Chernoff. He can be himself, and that in turn has made him a stronger communicator and manager."I know it's made me a better person," he said. "We collaborate so much. And there'll be times at meetings and I'll say something and when I leave the meaning, I'm like, 'Why would I say that?' And then about two days later, I'll say, 'Chris, I don't know why.' And he'll be like, 'Yeah, I knew you'd come around.'"While the Indians are currently in a championship window, there may come a time when they have to rebuild. If that happens, Francona's prepared to do his part."I'm not afraid. I want to be a part of the solution here — regardless of where we are," he said. "Sometimes things happen in our game that are sometimes out of your control. Sometimes you make wrong decisions. Sometimes things don't work. I'm not afraid of that. I'd like to be a part of the solution, whatever it is."After going on his first sky-diving adventure, Francona convinced Antonetti and several Indians coaches to join him for another jump."That was a fun experience," Antonetti said. "Now that we've all made it down safely, it was a good team building experience."Francona couldn't resist joking that owner Paul Dolan wasn't pleased with his landings."There was a rumor that Paul was rooting against me on that," he cracked.___AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byBarca Reliance on Messi Underlined in Escape Act at VillarrealBy ReutersApril 3, 2019VILA-REAL — Barcelona's thrilling 4-4 draw with Villarreal on Tuesday has been hailed as the game of the season in Spain but yet again it showed the La Liga leaders' vulnerability whenever they try to give Lionel Messi a breather.With a top-of-the-table showdown against Atletico Madrid and two Champions League quarter-final games against Manchester United coming up, Barca coach Ernesto Valverde understandably opted to rest his talisman.Messi sat on the bench alongside Ivan Rakitic and Gerard Pique and although Barca got off to a flying start with two early goals they were pegged back by struggling Villarreal, prompting Valverde to turn to him with the score tied at 2-2.No sooner had Messi come on and Villarreal took a shock lead before making it 4-2. But, not for the first time this season, Barca's captain spearheaded their comeback.The Argentine smashed a freekick in off the post at the start of stoppage time, paving the way for Luis Suarez's last-gasp equaliser."Football is incredible," hailed the front cover of Spanish newspaper Marca, while daily Mundo Deportivo said Suarez's late strike was "a goal that is worth the league title".But Messi's role in Barca's latest escape act, which was the third time in the league this season when he has been called upon to get them out of trouble, again raised the question of whether Barca suffer from 'Messi-dependence'."Of course, Messi-dependence exists, it would exist in any other team in the world," said Barca coach Valverde. "But when he is there we also have to play. The first 15 minutes (when Barca were 2-0 up) we didn't need him, in the last 15 we really did. We all accept this."Barca midfielder Carles Alena meanwhile was in awe at his team mate's freekick: "It was spectacular, a wonder goal, something that only he could do."Messi also sat on the bench against Athletic Bilbao in September but rescued a 1-1 draw by setting up a late equaliser after coming on, while he provided an assist and a goal as a substitute against Leganes to turn a 1-1 draw into a 3-1 win.Barca's reliance on their captain is even more stark in the Copa del Rey: they were beaten 2-1 at Levante and 2-0 at Sevilla in first leg games while Messi was left at home, winning the second legs 3-0 and 6-1 respectively with him back in the team.The Catalans' next opponents Atletico and United will feel emboldened by Barca's ragged display against Villarreal, knowing if they can somehow shackle Messi, they stand a chance.But, if like so many other teams over the past decade, they are unable to tame the Argentine, they know they will be in for a torrid time. (Reporting by Richard Martin; Editing by Christian Radnedge)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byJuve Victory at Cagliari Marred by Kean AbuseBy ReutersApril 2, 2019CAGLIARI, Italy — Juventus teenager Moise Kean appeared to suffer racist abuse after scoring a late goal to give the Turin side a 2-0 win at Cagliari in Serie A on Tuesday.Kean, who had been jeered throughout the game, turned in Rodrigo Bentancur's cross with five minutes left and then stood in front of the Cagliari fans behind the goal and opened his arms.In response, Cagliari's supporters made the noise which is described by Italian media as "buu" and is regarded as a racist insult in Italian football, although some fans argue it is simply to annoy opposing players regardless of race. Monkey noises could also be heard among the crowd.Shortly after the goal, Juve's French midfielder Blaise Matuidi protested furiously to the referee and at one point appeared to threaten to walk off. Matuidi complained last year that he was subject to racist abuse at the same stadium and Cagliari later apologised.Play was halted on Tuesday and a warning was broadcast to the crowd -- the first step in the so-called three step procedure which ultimately leads to the teams being led off the field. Play resumed amid more booing and the referee blew the final whistle shortly afterwards.Juventus defender Leonardo Bonucci, scorer of the opening goal in the 22nd minute, said Kean was partly to blame for the incident."You celebrate goals with your team mates," he said. "He could have done it differently... I think the blame is fifty-fifty. Moise should not have done that and the Curva should not have reacted in that way."Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri said he had been too immersed in the game to notice the abuse."As usual at the stadium there are idiots but also normal people," he said. "The uncivilised ones must be identified with the cameras and no longer allowed to enter." Cagliari president Tommaso Giulini blamed Kean for his celebration. "I heard mostly boos, if they started making animal noises then we were in the wrong," he said. "What happened at the end was because of a celebration which was wrong and it would have happened with any other player."Kean, 19, has scored in each of his last four games -- two for Juventus and two for Italy.The win took Juventus on to 81 points from 30 games with second-placed Napoli 18 points behind ahead of their game at Empoli on Wednesday.Juventus were again without Cristiano Ronaldo who is recovering from a thigh injury he suffered playing for Portugal a week ago.In December, Inter Milan were ordered to play two home games behind closed doors after Napoli defender Kalidou Koulibaly was racially insulted during a game at San Siro.In 2017, there was an outcry after Ghanaian player Sulley Muntari was booked and sent off after complaining about racist abuse while playing for Pescara, also at Cagliari. (Writing by Brian Homewood; Editing by Toby Davis)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byHungry Wolves Beat 10-Man Manchester United 2-1By ReutersApril 2, 2019April 2 (Reuters) - WOLVERHAMPTON WANDERERS 2 MANCHESTER UNITED 1Wolverhampton Wanderers repeated their FA Cup defeat of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's Manchester United as a Chris Smalling own goal gave them another 2-1 win in a pulsating Premier League game on Tuesday.Despite the distraction of next week's Champions League quarter-final against Barcelona, United, who finished the game with 10 men after Ashley Young was sent off in the second half, came out strongly for Solskjaer's second game as permanent manager.Romelu Lukaku missed an early point-blank header, before Scottish midfielder Scott McTominay swept a low 13th-minute shot from outside the box past Rui Patricio to make it 1-0.Undaunted and fielding a strong team despite their own distraction of an FA Cup semi-final against Watford on Sunday, Wolves quickly settled on a cold night at Molineux and began creating chances of their own. Portuguese striker Diogo Jota hit a deserved equaliser from close range in the 25th minute after a nervy-looking Fred had lost control and Raul Jimenez threaded the ball into the area. United went down to 10 men in the 57th minute when right back Young was sent off for a second yellow card after a reckless hack on Jota.That enabled Wolves to pour forward, and in the 77th minute they got the winner thanks to a Smalling own goal after a scramble near the line.The result left Manchester United fifth in table on 61 points, level with fourth-placed Tottenham Hotspur who have played a game fewer. Wolves are seventh on 47. (Reporting by Andrew Cawthorne; Editing by Toby Davis)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byU.S. Women's Soccer Team Says Lawsuit About More Than MoneyBy ReutersApril 2, 2019LOS ANGELES — Members of the United States women's soccer squad (USWNT) have told Reuters their lawsuit against the national federation alleging gender discrimination is not just about wages but also improving the sport for women participating in it at all levels. All 28 members of the squad were named as plaintiffs in the lawsuit, which was filed in federal court last month and says the women are not paid the same as their male counterparts.While the U.S. men's team have voiced their support, the U.S. Soccer Federation has said it was surprised by the lawsuit, with its president, Carlos Cordeiro, saying it strives for equal pay and has boosted its investment in female player development programs.Midfielder Megan Rapinoe told Reuters in an interview timed with Equal Pay Day on April 2 that they were also pushing for systematic change. "For us it is really important to really look at the bigger picture of the compensation piece," she said. "I don't think you can talk about compensation articulately or intelligently until you have a conversation about funding across the board," she said. "So whether that is youth teams or staffing for each team or promotion and sponsorship, you know, advertising for both teams, I don't think that that is equal yet," she said. "So yes we are fighting for equal compensation but we are also fighting for this larger picture of investment in both programs equally."Since the lawsuit was filed, some companies have stepped in to help close the pay gap. Nutrition snack company Luna Bar on Tuesday announced that it would give each member of the squad competing at the Women's World Cup a one-time payment of $31,250 -- the difference in the bonus paid to the men's World Cup squad.Sportswear company Adidas has also said that if the USWNT win the Women's World Cup this year its sponsored players would receive the same performance bonus payments as their male counterparts.'FLAWED SYSTEM'The players said change was also needed outside the United States. "We are hopeful that FIFA is doing things to put more women in executive positions and more women within FIFA in general," striker Alex Morgan told Reuters. "We still feel like they are very behind on the trend and we are hopeful that what we are doing today and the continual fight that we have will help FIFA proactively change the inner workings of the system that is very flawed within them as well."Morgan said the team hoped to improve the lives of the next generation of female athletes. "I think we realize the opportunity we have and the resources we have are due to the generation before us and we hope to increase those opportunities and resources available for the generation after us," she said."We might not see equal pay among athletes within our generation but the hope is that the future generations will."The women said the lawsuit would not distract them from their efforts to win back-to-back World Cups, and a fourth title overall, when they compete in France in June."Success for us is very simple and it is very clear from the first second that you get on the team, whether it is like a passing pattern or a small-sided game or a friendly or a World Cup final -- it's winning," Rapinoe said. "It's competing to the best of your ability, it's trying to be the absolute best that you can so for us the expectation is always the same, success for us looks like winning," she said. "It looks like winning the World Cup." (Editing by Peter Rutherford)AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byHayes Scores in OT to Lift Jets Over Blackhawks, 4-3By The Associated PressApril 1, 2019CHICAGO — Kevin Hayes and the Winnipeg Jets eventually got the two points they desperately needed.Hayes scored at 3:38 of overtime as Winnipeg defeated the Chicago Blackhawks 4-3 on Monday night to snap a three-game slide and move into sole possession of first place in the Central Division.Hayes cut to the net off the right side, got past Dylan Strome and tucked a shot past Corey Crawford. Winnipeg improved to 96 points, two ahead of St. Louis and Nashville atop the crowded division race."When you get to 3-on-3 (in overtime), it's a lot of open ice," said Hayes, whose 19th goal ended it. "Ultimately we got the two points and that's what we came here to do. It's one step toward finishing in first place."Hayes came through after lingering on the ice longer than coach Paul Maurice wanted."It was really good, especially because his coach was screaming for him to get off the ice for about 30 seconds, until he went down and scored," Maurice said. "I love the confidence."Strome, who hadn't scored in his past 12 games, netted his second goal of the game with 2:20 left in the third period to tie it at 3. By earning a point, Chicago avoided being eliminated from playoff contention for the second straight season — for now."I know where we stand, but now is not the time to evaluate anything or summarize anything," coach Jeremy Colliton said. "I just want us to perform to our highest level. That's how we're going to move this thing forward."If the Colorado Avalanche earn one point Tuesday against Edmonton, the Blackhawks are out the playoffs."We put ourselves in that situation," defenseman Duncan Keith said. "That's the tough part, knowing that we're in this hole. But there's nothing we can do about it now. Hopefully they lose, and hopefully we win the next game."Strome, who also had an assist, beat goalie Connor Hellebuyck on the stick side from the slot after taking a centering pass from Jonathan Toews. Crawford was on the bench for an extra attacker.Jack Roslovic scored two goals to end a 22-game drought, and Adam Lowry also had a goal for the Jets. Roslovic scored for the first time since Feb. 2 when he netted a hat trick versus Anaheim.Toews had a goal and an assist for Chicago and set a career high for points with 78. The 30-year-old Chicago captain's 34th goal tied his best for one season, set in 2008-09.Hellebuyck made 25 saves. Crawford stopped 34 shots, including Mark Scheifele's penalty shot 40 seconds into the second period, but Chicago lost for the third time in its last four.The Jets, who have clinched a playoff berth, conclude the regular season with three more road games: at Minnesota, Colorado and Arizona. Both the Predators and Blues have three games remaining as well.Before missing the playoffs last year, Chicago had a run of nine straight postseason appearances that included Stanley Cup championships in 2010, 2013 and 2015.Toews opened the scoring 4:25 in with a power-play goal from the right circle. He beat Hellebuyck between the legs as Jacob Trouba screened.Lowry tied it at 1 midway through the first on a shot from the left circle that slipped past Crawford on the short side.Roslovic put Winnipeg ahead 2-1 with 34 seconds left in the period. After stealing the puck from Gustav Forsling, he connected on shot from near the goal line on the right slide that slipped between Crawford's pads.Crawford made an easy save on Scheifele's penalty shot, awarded to the Jets' top goal scorer after Toews hooked him from behind on a breakaway.Roslovic took Trouba's centering pass and made it 3-1 at 5:11 of the second on a quick shot from the slot that beat Crawford high on the glove side. Strome cut it to 3-2 just 1:12 later, scoring from the edge of the crease after he beat Winnipeg's Nathan Beaulieu to a loose puck.Scheifele fired a shot past Crawford from the left circle with 3 minutes left in the third period, but the goal was disallowed after a video review showed the Jets entered the zone offside.NOTES: Strome, acquired from Arizona in a trade on Nov. 25, 2018, has 16 goals and 32 assists in 55 games with Chicago. ... Blackhawks forward David Kampf sat out with a facial injury sustained when he was struck with a puck in Los Angeles on Saturday. ... No NHL team based in Winnipeg has ever finished in first place. The current Jets franchise, which entered the NHL in 1999-2000 as the Atlanta Thrashers, finished first in the league's old Southeast Division in 2006-07. The team moved to Winnipeg in 2011. The original Winnipeg Jets franchise, which entered the NHL from the WHA in 1979, never finished higher than second before moving to Phoenix in 1996.UP NEXTJets: At the Minnesota Wild on Tuesday.Blackhawks: Host the St. Louis Blues on Wednesday.___AdvertisementAdvertisementSupported byMLB Notebook: Tulowitzki (Calf) Likely to Go on Yankees’ ILBy ReutersApril 3, 2019New York Yankees shortstop Troy Tulowitzki exited Wednesday's game against the visiting Detroit Tigers after the third inning with a Grade 1 strain in his left calf, manager Aaron Boone said afterward.Tulowitzki popped out in his first at-bat in the second inning and exited one inning later, as second baseman Gleyber Torres moved to shortstop to replace Tulowitzki. The Yankees said he was being taken to nearby New York Presbyterian Hospital for further tests.Boone said the injury will "almost certainly" send Tulowitzki to the Yankees' already crowded injured list.Signed to a one-year free-agent contract in January following a workout for teams, Tulowitzki is 2-for-11 on the young season with a home run. The five-time All-Star shortstop was signed by the Yankees to fill the void left by Didi Gregorius, who had Tommy John surgery on his throwing shoulder in October. He is expected to be out until June or July.--Indians manager Terry Francona signed a two-year extension to remain in Cleveland through the 2022 season."Simply put, Tito has been a transformational leader, who has not only impacted our major league clubhouse, but also the entire organization," Chris Antonetti, the club's president of baseball operations, said in a statement."Our relationship has been truly collaborative and we are all fortunate to have a future Hall-of-Fame manager guiding our team as we continue to pursue our ultimate goal of bringing a World Series championship to the city of Cleveland."Francona, 59, is in his seventh season with the Indians, who have the American League's best record since 2013 (547-427). The Indians have four playoff appearances and three division titles in Francona's first six seasons.--Former Braves manager Bobby Cox remains in an Atlanta-area hospital after suffering a possible stroke and being admitted on Tuesday, according to multiple outlets.Braves general manager Alex Anthopoulos visited Cox on Wednesday and told the MLB Network that he was "in as good a spirits as can be."The Braves, who have not provided any details on Cox's condition, also released this statement Wednesday: "We know no one stronger or more determined than Bobby Cox. Our thoughts and prayers are with him as he recovers. We look forward to seeing him soon and would like to thank the baseball community for joining together to support our dear friend."--The Chicago Cubs and infielder David Bote have agreed to a five-year contract extension, plus two team options, the team announced.The deal covers the 2020-24 seasons and will reportedly guarantee him just over $15 million. The option years are valued at $7 million in 2025 and $7.6 million for 2026, according to Jon Heyman of MLB Network.Bote, who turns 26 on Sunday, was already under team control through 2024, with the new contract providing Bote security while the Cubs avoid his arbitration years and gain control on two free agent seasons.--Cleveland Indians All-Star shortstop Francisco Lindor has been cleared to resume light baseball activities, and his sprained left ankle will be re-evaluated in seven to 10 days.Indians president of baseball operations Chris Antonetti told reporters there was no firm timetable for Lindor's return from the injured list.A return by late April or early May, after a minor league rehab assignment, seems probable if he has no setbacks.--The Yankees reinstated left-hander CC Sabathia from the MLB suspended list and moved him to the 10-day injured list as he continues his rehabilitation from offseason cardiac and knee surgeries.To fill his roster spot, they recalled right-hander Jonathan Loaisiga from Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre. The 24-year-old started Wednesday afternoon against Detroit at Yankee Stadium, allowing one run in four innings.Sabathia, 38, who is heading into his 19th major league season, could miss as many as two starts, pushing his season debut to the middle of April, manager Aaron Boone said previously.--Shortstop Trea Turner was placed on the 10-day injured list by the Washington Nationals.Turner left Tuesday's game with a broken right index finger and could miss several weeks. To replace Turner, the Nationals recalled infielder Adrián Sanchez from Triple-A Fresno.--Field Level MediaAdvertisement