AdvertisementSupported byThe Division and the PennantThe Mets are in. The Cubs, and Durocher, are done. And, believe it or not, the postseason awaits.By The New York TimesFollowing is an excerpt from a Times article on Sept. 25, 1969.By Leonard KoppettWith a flourish worthy of the occasion, the New York Mets officially won their first championship last night by beating the St. Louis Cardinals, 6-0, in the presence of 54,928 paying spectators fully prepared for the ecstasy of the victory.By scoring their 96th triumph of the baseball season, the Mets clinched first place in the Eastern Division of the National League, a 94-year-old circuit playing in two six-team divisions for the first time. In their previous seven seasons, the Mets had never finished higher than ninth in a 10-team league.Five runs in the first inning, three on a home run by Donn Clendenon and two on a home run by Ed Charles, set the victory mood early.Gary Gentry, a rookie, proceeded to pitch a four-hit shutout and Clendenon added another home run in the fifth. That gave the crowd nearly two hours to work itself up for the celebration that erupted at 9:07 p.m., when Joe Torre bounced into a double play that ended the game.As the players raced for the clubhouse for their own celebration, thousands of spectators leaped railings and quickly filled the field, roaring and chanting “We’re No. 1.” For the next 20 minutes at least, the cheering and milling continued, until the lights were dimmed and a slow dispersal began.All concerned were fully and joyfully aware of what the victory meant. The Chicago Cubs, who had led the division and the Mets by 10 games in mid-August, had won their afternoon game, precluding the possibility that the Mets would clinch before taking the field.But to perform the clincher at home, before the fans who have been such an integral part of the club’s peculiar history, the Mets had to win this game, the last scheduled for Shea Stadium. Three games remain to be played in Philadelphia this weekend and two in Chicago next week.The style with which the Mets won was not restricted to the sudden, staggering attack with which they greeted Steve Carlton, the Cardinal left-hander who had set a major league record by striking out 19 Mets only 10 days ago in St. Louis.The Mets had won that game, despite the strikeouts. But last Friday they lost a doubleheader to Pittsburgh and on Saturday were held hitless by Bob Moose of the Pirates. If the Cubs, trailing by four games at that point, had a chance for a final counterattack, that was it.Instead, the Mets beat Pittsburgh twice on Sunday and last night completed a three-game sweep of the Cardinals, the National League champions for the last two years.This five-game winning streak gave them a record of 34 victories in 44 games since Aug. 16, and 18 in their last 22 games. This constituted a stretch drive equal in quality to any produced by baseball’s most famous champions of the past.This time, Carlton struck out only one man, Cleon Jones — and it was the only man he retired. Gentry, who had also started against Carlton in the game in St. Louis, quickly retired the Cardinals in order in the first, and the crowd started chanting and clapping as the first Met, Bud Harrelson, went to bat.Harrelson looped a single to right field and the cheers increased. Tommie Agee walked and the noise increased again. It merged into a standing ovation for Jones, who was starting a game for the first time since Sept. 11, after sitting out most of the month because of hand and rib injuries. Jones, who still leads the league in hitting, was determined to be part of this occasion and the fans recognized his desire and his season-long contribution.But Jones struck out, delaying poetic justice only momentarily. The very next pitch was drilled by Clendenon over the center-field wall 410 feet from home plate.This home run was Clendenon’s 14th of the season, his 10th as a Met, and it put Gentry in control of the game.The Mets weren’t through, however. Ron Swoboda, whose two two-run homers had beaten Carlton in the game in St. Louis, walked. And Charles, who is 36 and near the end of his career, drove his third home run of the year over the 396-foot sign just to the right of dead center — a blow, he said later, he would always remember.Dave Giusti replaced Carlton at that point, and although Jerry Grote greeted him with a double, there was little offensive activity the rest of this brisk game.Gentry, after three perfect innings, yielded a single to Lou Brock in the fourth, and one to Mike Shannon in the fifth. Meanwhile, the Mets started making sensational fielding plays — by Harrelson at short, by Al Weis at second, by Agee near the fence in left-center.Eventually, everyone was just waiting for the formal ending.When the ninth inning began, the crowd began cheering every pitch. But Brock beat out a single after Harrelson made a fine stop behind second, and Vic Davalillo bounced a single out of Harrelson’s reach to center. Still, the crowd roared encouragement to Gentry.Vada Pinson struck out, bringing up Joe Torre — the Brooklynite who established his slugging reputation with the Braves, and who “might have brought the Mets the pennant” if they had been willing to trade for him last winter. Instead, he was traded to the Cardinals.At any rate, with Torre at bat, the crowd was chanting for a double play. And that’s just what it got. Torre bounced to Harrelson, near second, who threw to Weis, who threw to Clendenon, and pandemonium was officially in session.With their bats, and a broom, the Mets capture the pennant.Following is an excerpt from a article on Oct. 17, 1969.By George VecseyRico Carty hit a long foul ball to left field, then he heard a noise. The manager of the Mets was coming out to remove the starting pitcher. The new pitcher was named ….“I didn’t even know his name,” the cleanup hitter of the Atlanta Braves said later. “I never saw him before. It didn’t make too much of a difference to me. A lot of pitchers I don’t know.”The new pitcher — Nolan Ryan — went into the game in the third inning with two men on. And while Ryan was warming up, Carty visited the dugout. “I asked the guys what he threw,” Carty said later. “Some said fastball, some said slider.”There was a reason Carty had never seen the young right-hander with No. 30 on his back. Ryan never pitched against the Braves this season because of military duties and injuries. And last year Carty was in a hospital recovering from tuberculosis. So he stepped up to home plate for his first look at Ryan.The next thing Carty knew, Ryan had busted a fastball past him. The talk about Ryan’s slider was merely a rumor.Ryan finished the game and won the pennant for the Mets. Afterward the Braves sat in the clubhouse and talked about fastballs, not sliders.“Heck, we knew what he threw,” said Henry Aaron, who had a homer and double off Gentry but two pop-ups off Ryan. “I’ve seen him in the past where he was erratic. He’s nothing but a kid but he did a helluva job out there.”“He’s as fast as anybody in the majors,” said Manager Luman Harris. “That’s the first time we’ve seen him all year. I wish we hadn’t seen him today.”The Braves seemed calm — or stunned — after their third straight loss. “They’re destiny,” said Pat Jarvis, the losing pitcher.“They won the pennant,” Harris said, “but I just don’t believe they can hit our pitching like they did. I admire Gil Hodges. To me, there’s no question he’s the manager of the year. But I still believe if we played ’em three more games, we’d beat ’em three straight.”Advertisement