AdvertisementSupported byBy Kevin ArmstrongPORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. — When Mets Manager Mickey Callaway considered the 64 bodies in his clubhouse at the start of spring training, he noted an improvement.“We have way more depth than we’ve ever had,” he said.He mentioned his stockpile of four catchers who could work in the major leagues this season. At first base, he welcomed a four-man competition among Pete Alonso, Dominic Smith, J. D. Davis and Todd Frazier.“We’re excited that it’s going to be kind of a battle royale for a bunch of positions this year,” he said.That battle has become something of a war of attrition. Within days of arriving in camp, Jed Lowrie, the utility infielder who signed a two-year contract worth $20 million in the off-season, was flown back to New York to learn that he had a sprained knee capsule. Frazier followed the same flight path to a doctor’s office a few days later with a left oblique strain that required a cortisone shot. The setbacks forced Callaway to start mixing and matching his Grapefruit League lineups before March commenced.“Unforeseen things are going to happen,” he said. “That’s just the reality of baseball.”Outfielders have not been immune to the rash of injuries. Jeff McNeil, slated to start in left field, was scratched from the lineup two days after scraping his left wrist while diving for a batted ball during a game. Center fielder Brandon Nimmo missed action because of an upset stomach after cooking chicken for himself.“We’re going to have to teach him how to cook so he doesn’t miss any more games,” Callaway said.The unfortunate has been familiar to the Mets of late. Last spring, outfielder Tim Tebow tripped on a sprinkler head during his first workout. Over the summer, pitcher Noah Syndergaard received a diagnosis of hand, foot and mouth disease. In the fall, David Wright retired because of chronic neck and shoulder ailments. All were reminders that the best plans can go sideways quickly.With opening day less than a month away, here is how the roster looks.Infielders: Who’s at first? It depends on the day. Alonso led off the exhibition season with a solo home run in his first at-bat, and Davis, who can play first or third, countered by blasting a two-run homer as he went 3 for 5 as a designated hitter.The Mets are sure-handed up the middle, with Robinson Cano bringing his nifty fielding and a smooth stroke to second base. Shortstop Amed Rosario will be a running threat on the bases, and Adeiny Hechavarria, a late pickup who previously played with the Yankees, “covers us in so many ways,” Callaway said.When healthy, Lowrie, who has primarily played at second base and shortstop but is expected to start at third for Mets, will provide versatility. So will Frazier, a veteran whose experience is valued in the clubhouse.Outfielders: Yoenis Cespedes, who is recovering from operations on his heels, is in camp and singing along to country songs in the clubhouse. But he will not be patrolling the outfield anytime soon. Callaway considers Cespedes “the icing on the cake” if he can come back for a late summer run.For now, center field belongs to Nimmo. McNeil, who may need to be called into duty at third base, will be in left, and Michael Conforto will be in right.There are plenty of legs with Juan Lagares and Keon Broxton playing reserve roles, but the Mets also need hits. Last season, only one team in the majors had fewer hits than the Mets — the Philadelphia Phillies. Conforto and Company will be counted on to put more balls in play.Starting Pitchers:According to Callaway’s calculations, the Mets should plan to use 11 or 12 pitchers this season. Jacob deGrom, who won the Cy Young Award with a 1.70 earned run average last season, and Syndergaard, who posted a 3.03 E.R.A., will anchor the rotation. Both have looked healthy in workouts and game actionZack Wheeler went 10-1 with a 1.96 E.R.A. down the stretch in the second half of last season, and Jason Vargas was 5-1 with a 2.62 E.R.A. in his final eight starts. Steven Matz will try to build off a season with 30 starts, a career high.Syndergaard started on opening day last season. He ended up with 155 strikeouts in 154⅓ innings, but missed starts because of a strained ligament in his right index finger and the hand, foot and mouth disease.The only certainty is who will take the ball on opening day in Washington.“I think Jacob decided that last June,” Callaway said.Bullpen: Cano headlined the seven-player trade that brought him back to New York during the off-season, but Edwin Diaz, the 24-year-old closer who collected 57 saves in 61 chances for Seattle last year, may be the most important part of the transaction for the Mets.Jeurys Familia, once the closer, returns as the setup man. In six and a half seasons with the Mets before he was traded to Oakland last summer, he saved 123 games and his E.R.A. was 2.66.Seth Lugo can set up, close or start.Catchers: Wilson Ramos has been well received by the pitching staff. He looks fresh after spending the off-season working on agility drills and convincing General Manager Brodie Van Wagenen that he can do the job despite twice tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee.Travis d’Arnaud is returning from Tommy John surgery, and Devin Mesoraco is back behind the plate after catching 21 of deGrom’s starts last season.Though he can play other positions, d’Arnaud will focus on catcher rather than risk injury during rehabilitation. He could be an option elsewhere, in the outfield or at first base, depending on how the team’s depth holds up.Advertisement