AdvertisementSupported byOn BaseballBy Tyler KepnerCLEARWATER, Fla. — Bryce Harper will soon be the most scrutinized athlete in Philadelphia, or the most hated. Neither role sounds fun. If he signs a record contract with the Phillies, Harper will be both hailed as a savior and held to nearly impossible standards. If he signs somewhere else, he will be a pariah.Maybe Harper simply wants no part of the Phillies, or maybe he is just waiting for their owner, John Middleton, to blow past the 10-year, $300 million agreement Manny Machado reached this week with the San Diego Padres. As Harper and his agent, Scott Boras, take their time, the Phillies are not dangling a blank check.“The most important things for any organization is to have continuity and a consensus from ownership through management,” Phillies General Manager Matt Klentak said on Wednesday in his office at Spectrum Field after a long day of meetings. “We know what we’re willing to do, and we know what we’re not willing to do, and everybody’s on board.”The Phillies loved Machado, perhaps even more than they do Harper. They tried to trade for Machado last summer, they met with him in person this winter, and they offered him a lucrative deal — but would not go to $300 million. The Phillies might do so for Harper, but insist they will not act out of desperation.Middleton did give that impression in November, when he told Bob Nightengale of USA Today that the team was “expecting to spend money, and maybe even be a little stupid about it.” The Phillies have spent money, but they have not been stupid.After stumbling down the stretch to an 80-82 finish last season, the Phillies have added four high-impact players, all with All-Star pedigrees: left fielder Andrew McCutchen, catcher J.T. Realmuto, reliever David Robertson and shortstop Jean Segura. They signed their ace, Aaron Nola, to a four-year, $45 million contract extension, and added other relievers in trades.The moves improved a dreadful defense and a lineup that produced the fewest hits in the majors last season. They were prudent, responsible moves, but Middleton’s statement was widely viewed as a promise of something bolder, setting up a binary view of the Phillies’ winter: success (Machado or Harper) or failure (anything else).“I’m well aware of the perception this off-season,” Klentak said. “I would shift the focus to the body of work in our off-season. We’ve spent about $180 million this off-season. We’ve spent plenty of money. This is not an ownership that is sitting on its hands and going cheap.”So far, the Phillies’ biggest free-agent splash was a three-year $50 million contract for McCutchen, 32, a former Most Valuable Player for the Pittsburgh Pirates. McCutchen will play left field, with the slugger Rhys Hoskins shifting back to first base, his best position. Carlos Santana, who played first base last year, went to the Seattle Mariners in a deal for Segura, who hit .304 with 20 steals last season and once led the National League in hits.“I think we have the pieces to go as far as we want to, and that’s to the championship,” McCutchen said. “It’s a very strong team all around. You look at the lineup and there’s some good names in there, and the pitching’s unreal. I remember facing these guys when I was on the Giants and looking at the starting rotation and the bullpen. I was like, ‘Man, they’ve got some arms. There’s no break here.’”In Realmuto, who arrived this month in a trade with the Miami Marlins, the Phillies have the majors’ best catcher. Robertson solidifies a deep bullpen. The Phillies seem comfortable with their rotation — Nola, Jake Arrieta, Nick Pivetta, Vince Velasquez and Zach Eflin — but if they lose out on Harper, they could theoretically upgrade that group.“We are always going to be open-minded to opportunities to make our team better,” Klentak said. “But this is not the last free-agent class of all time. There will be other opportunities for the Philadelphia Phillies to spend money in the future, whether it’s July at the trade deadline, or next off-season, or the off-season after that. We have to take that into account.“Are there players remaining in free agency that would make us better? Are we going to have needs next year and are there going to be players in next year’s class that we’re going to want to sign? Yes. We have to balance the short term and the long term in everything that we do.”The Phillies’ long-term fantasy is to sign Mike Trout if he leaves the Los Angeles Angels as a free agent after the 2020 season. But Trout, an unabashed Philadelphia sports fan from Millville, N.J., might never hit the open market, and with Realmuto under team control for only the next two seasons, the Phillies’ short-term window is open. Harper could help them burst through it.“I think we’re a good team with or without adding Harper,” Robertson said. “Obviously, he’s a great player and fits in on any roster; who wouldn’t want a guy that’s capable of hitting 40 home runs and hitting .300? But you can’t look at stuff like that. We’re in the now.”The players seem to understand that, for now, the fans are preoccupied with one guy not in that room: Harper.“To me, personally, I don’t really care, but I think for the city, they want a guy like that,” reliever Pat Neshek said. “With all the talk, I feel like they’re expecting one of the two, and now Manny’s gone. But they’re trying their best. They’ve made awesome moves so far, and the N.L. East is going to be tough no matter what.”It is hard to see clearly now, with the Harper haze hanging over the team and the sport. But what if the Phillies have done enough already with McCutchen, Realmuto, Robertson and Segura? That is their stance, and they might be right.“In a typical off-season, that is a very thorough, complete and successful off-season,” Klentak said. “We addressed everything we wanted to address.”Advertisement