AdvertisementSupported byBy The Associated PressBALTIMORE — Aaron Judge homered twice, Clint Frazier hit a three-run shot in the eighth inning and the New York Yankees beat the Baltimore Orioles 6-4 Saturday night for their first series win of the season.Judge hit a solo drive in the first inning and connected with a runner on in the third, his first two homers of the year. The 6-foot-7 slugger had 52 in 2017 and 27 last season.Both long balls came off Dylan Bundy, who allowed a major league-high 41 home runs in 2018.That was the extent of New York's offense until the eighth. With Baltimore leading 4-3, Miguel Castro (0-1) issued a two-out walk and a single before Frazier put a 2-2 pitch into the left field seats. After a concussion in spring training wrecked his 2018 season, Frazier was recalled from the minors Monday and had not homered in the majors since July 28, 2017.Adam Ottavino (1-0) got the win despite allowing two inherited runners to score in the seventh. Aroldis Chapman pitched the ninth for his second save.After starting the season by losing two of three to both the Orioles and Detroit at home, New York has rattled off successive victories in Baltimore and will go for a series sweep Sunday.Trey Mancini hit his fourth home run for the Orioles, who have dropped three in a row.The Yankees have won seven straight at Camden Yards, matching their longest streak at the stadium since it opened in 1992. New York has also homered in 13 successive games at the ballpark.In this one, the Yankees had to rally after Judge gave them a 3-1 lead in the third. Renato Nunez singled home a run in the fifth for Baltimore, and pinch-hitters Chris Davis and Rio Ruiz drove in runs with outs in the seventh to make it 4-3.With the bases loaded and two outs in the eighth, Davis grounded out sharply to first base against Chad Green. Davis is 0 for 19 this season and hitless in his last 40 at-bats dating back to September.DOUBLE THE FUNJudge has eight career multihomer games — four against the Orioles.HELLO, GOODBYEThairo Estrada's stay with the Yankees lasted one game. Called up on Thursday, the infielder was optioned back to Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre after New York selected the contract of infielder Giovanny Urshela from the same minor league club. The shuffle was designed to fill the void after shortstop Troy Tulowitzki went on the injured list with a calf strain.TO THE 'PENVeteran right-hander Dan Straily joined the Orioles. Signed to enhance the starting rotation, Straily will begin his tenure in Baltimore as a reliever."He hasn't pitched in a competitive situation in a while, so we're going to utilize him out of the bullpen and kind of ramp him up to join the rotation at some point," manager Brandon Hyde said.TRAINER'S ROOMYankees: Reliever Dellin Betances (shoulder) threw a 36-pitch bullpen Friday and is expected to face hitters on Monday. ... Luis Severino (shoulder) played long toss Saturday and felt fine, manager Aaron Boone said, adding the right-hander has yet to throw off the mound.Orioles: C Austin Wynns, on the IL with a left oblique strain, "is progressing really well," Hyde said. "He seems healthy and ready to go."UP NEXTYankees: Domingo German (1-0, 0.00 ERA) pitches the series finale Sunday after tossing five innings of one-hit ball against Detroit on Monday.Orioles: David Hess (1-0, 0.00) takes the mound after keeping Toronto hitless for 6 1/3 innings in his first start of the season Monday.___Advertisement