AdvertisementSupported byBy Jillian Rayfield and Marcus Payadue(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.) Good evening. Here’s the latest.1. President Trump doubled down on his surprise decision to try to scrap the entire Affordable Care Act. “If the Supreme Court rules that Obamacare is out, we’ll have a plan that is far better than Obamacare,” he said.Our reporters reconstructed how Mr. Trump came to his decision.They describe a heated meeting in the White House on Monday, in which Mick Mulvaney, Mr. Trump’s acting chief of staff, pressed the president to keep his campaign promises to upend the law and urged him, along with other officials, to try to seize control of the health care issue from Democrats.Vice President Mike Pence and Pat Cipollone, the White House counsel, were among those who objected. Mr. Cipollone continued arguing in a smaller meeting, but Mr. Mulvaney, pictured above at the White House today, prevailed._____2. A day of scrutiny for aviation. In hearings on Capitol Hill, the F.A.A.’s acting administrator, Daniel Elwell, and the transportation secretary, Elaine Chao, were pressed about the cozy relationship between the F.A.A. and companies it regulates, like Boeing.“Let me emphasize that safety is always No. 1 at the Department of Transportation, and a good day is when nothing bad happens,” Ms. Chao said.Meanwhile, Boeing appeared to acknowledge for the first time that its software played a role in two fatal crashes of its 737 Max 8, and said a fix for the system was nearly ready._____3. The path to Brexit took another turn. Prime Minister Theresa May said she would step down if Britain’s Parliament approved her beleaguered plan. Mrs. May, pictured above leaving Downing Street today, did not say when.She made the offer just before lawmakers in Parliament began voting on alternative plans.Turmoil in the British government was not limited to that process: Officials are defending spending almost $16 million on a penthouse for a diplomat in New York._____4. India shot down a low-orbit satellite with a ballistic missile, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said.If confirmed, the feat means India could essentially blind another country by taking out its space-based communication and surveillance satellites. The ability could potentially destabilize the relationship between India and Pakistan, two nuclear powers that already faced a brief period of hostilities last month.It would also put India in a small club of countries with such strategic power, which includes China, the U.S. and Russia.Some in India were suspicious about the timing of Mr. Modi’s announcement, shortly before general elections._____5. “The story is bizarre from beginning to end.”That was the Chicago mystery novelist Sara Paretsky, commenting on the Jussie Smollett case.Our bureau chief writes that the city, riven by race, class, violence and secrecy, was the ideal setting for the saga, which ended with the mayor, the prosecutor and Mr. Smollett all insisting on different narratives for what occurred.P.S.: Prosecutors noted Mr. Smollett’s community service work in explaining why they dropped the charges on Tuesday. That work included two days at the Rev. Jesse L. Jackson’s civil rights organization._____6. Eating pot brownies and other “edibles” like gummy bears may be riskier than smoking or vaping, potentially adding new obstacles to the bumpy process of state legalization.According to an analysis of emergency room visits in Colorado, edibles created a disproportionate number of marijuana-related medical crises.Doctors involved with the study explained that ingesting pot takes longer to produce a high than smoking it, so some people have trouble gauging if they’ve taken too much. “This is a common phenomenon. People take another dose,” said one doctor._____7. It’s baseball eve. Ahead of the new season, our special section looks back 50 years at what became known as the Mets miracle: The 1969 Mets, above, suddenly developed into a team to be reckoned with, winning the World Series after seven years of being a baseball punch line.Looking ahead, the major leagues’ opening day is tomorrow, kicking off a season that our columnist says will be stuffed to the seams with players. By one count, a record 1,379 players appeared in a major league game last season, the sixth year in a row with an increase. This reflects a pool of prospects “that is bigger — and cheaper — than ever,” our columnist writes._____8. The “Nobel Prize of computing” went to three researchers whose work undergirds the revolution in artificial intelligence, from face-recognition services and smart speakers to warehouse robots and self-driving cars.Yann LeCun, Geoffrey Hinton and Yoshua Bengio, above, won the Turing Award for their work on neural networks. Loosely modeled on the web of neurons in the human brain, these mathematical systems enable machine learning by analyzing vast amounts of data.Players in the tech world seized on the story, sharing it on their own vast network of websites and social media and driving it to near the top of our list of most-reads._____9. What else you’re reading. Also on our list of most-read stories today: a mystery from Scotland. Since the 1950s, hundreds of dogs have thrown themselves off a bridge in Dumbarton, above. Some have died.In a country well acquainted with myth and superstition, the “dog-suicide bridge” has invited paranormal explanations.“I’m convinced it’s a ghost that is behind all of this,” said a teacher who wrote a book about it.One more: Our look at why people procrastinate. (It isn’t about laziness or self-control, but rather mood management.)_____10. Finally, traveling safe while female. Readers responded to our article this week about the dangers women face while traveling alone, with an outpouring of suggestions.Women, some of whom have traveled to dozens or scores of countries, affirmed their love of solo adventure. They said they pack their own doorstops, tip the hotel staff at the start of their stays, make friends with older vendors and listen to their guts.And they enjoy themselves.Have a delightful evening.Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p.m. Eastern.And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing. Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning.Want to catch up on past briefings? You can browse them here.What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes.com.Advertisement