AdvertisementSupported byBy The Associated PressCLEVELAND — Mike Clevinger struck out 10 and allowed one hit over five scoreless innings, then left with upper back tightness as the Cleveland Indians beat the struggling Toronto Blue Jays 3-1 Sunday to complete a four-game sweep.Clevinger (1-0) hasn't allowed a run in 12 innings over his first two starts, striking out 22. He retired his first nine hitters, walked Socrates Brito leading off the fourth, then gave up a double to Freddy Galvis. Clevinger fanned Randal Grichuk, Rowdy Tellez and Teoscar Hernández in order, all swinging. He threw 75 pitches in all.Indians pitchers struck out 16, raising their three-game total to 57.Toronto dropped to 3-8 and has struck out a major league-leading 111 times.Carlos Santana, reacquired during the offseason, had an RBI double in the first and is hitting .419 with a 1.067 OPS. Tyler Naquin had three hits, including a run-scoring single in the first. Jose Ramirez added an RBI double in the fifth.Brad Hand got five outs for his fourth save, completing a three-hitter. Pinch-hitter Lourdes Gurriel grounded into an inning-ending double play in the eighth.Marcus Stroman (0-2) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings with six strikeouts. Danny Jansen had an RBI single in the eighth off Adam Cimber.TRAINER'S ROOMBlue Jays: Justin Smoak has a sore neck and was scratched from the original lineup for the third time in the series. Smoak was 1 for 5 with a double Saturday, but couldn't play in the finale.Indians: 2B Jason Kipnis had a scheduled day off at his rehab assignment for Triple-A Columbus. He strained his right calf late in spring training. Kipnis hopes to return during the upcoming road trip.UP NEXTBlue Jays: RHP Matt Shoemaker (2-0, 0.00 ERA) started Tuesday at Fenway Park, where LHP Chris Sale (0-2, 8.00 ERA) takes the mound in Boston's home opener.Indians: RHP Corey Kluber (0-2, 5.23 ERA) starts for Cleveland and RHP Jordan Zimmermann (0-0, 0.66 ERA) for the Tigers in the opener of a three-game series at Detroit.___Advertisement