AdvertisementSupported byBy The Associated PressDETROIT — Corey Kluber earned his first win of the season in his third start, powered by four Cleveland home runs that sent the Indians over the Detroit Tigers 8-2 on Tuesday.The Indians won their fifth straight game. Detroit had won five in a row.Kluber (1-2) allowed one earned run over six innings. A two-time Cy Young Award winner who went 20-7 last season, he struck out eight.Leonys Martin, Brad Miller, Roberto Perez and Jake Bauers all entered with sub-.200 batting averages before hitting their first homers of the season. Cleveland had hit a total of only four home runs this year before connecting at Comerica Park.Jordan Zimmermann (0-1) gave up five runs and was chased in the fifth inning. He had allowed just one run in 13 2/3 innings in his first two starts.Martin homered on the second pitch of the game against his former team, which traded him in July before a bacterial infection ended his season and threatened his life.Miller added a two-run homer in the second, starting off a 2-for-2 afternoon in which he scored three times.Perez added a towering shot in the fifth inning, and Bauers homered off reliever Blaine Hardy to make it 6-2 in the sixth.Eric Stamets singled and scored on a three-base error by center fielder Mikie Mahtook, who let the ball roll under his glove and reach the wall.Miguel Cabrera had an RBI double and Niko Goodrum had a run-scoring single for the Tigers, who had opened the season winning seven of 10 games. They had been 3-0 at home after sweeping Kansas City over the weekend.TRAINER'S ROOMIndians: Starter Mike Clevinger will miss at least six weeks with a back muscle injury. The team announced Clevinger strained his teres major, a muscle in his upper back. Manager Terry Francona said it would be six to eight weeks before he picks up a ball and resumes pitching activity. Clevinger had not allowed an earned run in 12 innings over two starts this season. The Indians called up righty Nick Wittgren, a reliever from Triple-A Columbus.Tigers: Reliever Drew VerHagen made his season debut after opening the year on the injured list with a forearm strain. He retired the side in order in the ninth, striking out one.UP NEXTIndians: RHP Trevor Bauer (1-0, 0.64 ERA) starts Wednesday at Detroit coming off seven innings of no-hit ball on April 5 against Toronto. He has allowed one hit over 14 innings.Tigers: LHP Matthew Boyd (0-1, 3.18) starts for the first time since his 13-strikeout outing, a career high, April 3 against the Yankees.___Advertisement