AdvertisementSupported byBy George VecseyWith the Vietnam War dragging on, 1969 was not a good year for discussing the character-building value of the military.From a distance of half a century, however, it seems rather clear — at least to me — that the loopy young Mets franchise had its spine stiffened by two men trained by the United States Marines.Two of the steeliest people in the Mets clubhouse were Gil Hodges, the manager, and Tom Seaver, the pitcher, later known as The Franchise. Both could turn downright taut — eyes narrowing, jaws tightening, speech clipped — when reporters or broadcasters or fans or even Mets ballplayers acted as if these were the Same Old Mets.We reporters were the worst. I know I was conditioned to believe that the Mets were fun, but terminally hapless.Wipe that smile off your face, Mister. This is no laughing matter.Hodges had seen combat on Okinawa, while Seaver was a Marine reservist. Semper Fi. They staked out territory and they did not give it up.Hodges had been part of the Mets in the first goofy days, in spring training 1962, when Casey Stengel was filibustering to catch the public’s attention. Hodges was happy to be back from Los Angeles, in his wife’s home borough of Brooklyn, where he was beloved for his grand decade-plus with the Dodgers. His knee was shot, and Marvin Eugene Throneberry (check out the initials) became the regular first baseman and an immortal Met blunderer.The Mets were not adequate enough to benefit from Hodges’s Boys of Summer way of doing things. He became the manager of the Washington Senators for what some felt was an apprenticeship for the Mets’ job, which he was offered in 1968.Seaver arrived from the farm system in 1967, after growing up fast in the Marines and later learning the game under Rod Dedeaux at the University of Southern California. In some ways, Seaver was a normal young man in his early 20s — full of energy, a whooping laugh, pranks on teammates. He could also do The New York Times crossword puzzle and converse with writers. When he was playing, he did not bring up his time in the Marine Corps Reserve in 1962-63, but later he talked proudly about it.“I was a mediocre student,” Seaver recalled on Veterans Day, Nov. 11, 2011, at a ceremony in Manhattan honoring military veterans. “If it didn’t have a ball involved, I wasn’t much interested.” But the Marines sharpened his focus.“The principles that I learned in boot camp were the principles that I took to the mound,” he said. “Focus, dedication. I wouldn’t have made it without the Marine Corps.”Seaver mentioned a picture taken of him on the mound, locked into attention, during the playing of the national anthem. “You look at my feet, they’re in military position, absolutely,” he said. “That’s the discipline that was instilled in me. It’s a very important reason why I’m in Cooperstown.”It is not clear how much Seaver and Hodges discussed their Marine roots with each other. They had served under vastly different circumstances — Seaver stateside, Hodges facing incoming kamikaze pilots in the Pacific Theater.Hodges was a college boy from southern Indiana, noticeable because of his muscles. Stengel, on one of his franchise-building conversational rambles, once said that Hodges was so strong “he could squeeze your earbrows off.” Nobody knew what an earbrow was, and nobody wanted to ask.I had a mentor in the newspaper business who had been a young Columbia University dropout and baseball freak, sent to the island of Okinawa. There were rumors that a large young Marine on the island was a major league ballplayer. (The Dodgers had let Hodges play one game at third base in 1943 before he shipped out.)On Okinawa, my friend heard rumors that Hodges had been in hand-to-hand combat, but that rumor has been deflated by Mort Zachter, the author of “Gil Hodges: A Hall of Fame Life,” published in 2015. Hodges was awarded a Bronze Star, with the citation mentioning his duties supporting his commanding officer, in a dangerous zone, but there is no mention of his being in direct combat. He surely saw death all around him.When Hodges became a star with the Dodgers, he often went to the movies in his free time. A friend who accompanied him said Hodges would grow solemn if there was a scene of combat, and he would pray, “Amen,” at every fallen military person.Hodges carried his Marine steel in the manager’s uniform. When reporters made jokes he smiled weakly and politely, but he did not encourage levity or cynicism.Few players challenged Hodges, except for the earnest and curious young outfielder Ron Swoboda, otherwise known as Rocky, who had grown used to the garrulous orations of Stengel.“I would sit and listen to him,” Swoboda said of the Old Man in 2009. “It would sound as if he was speaking in Stengelese, but all of a sudden I’d say, ‘Hey, man, this guy is telling a parable — and it’s aimed at me!’”By 1969, Casey was three full seasons into retirement and Gil Hodges was the manager. “When you’re young and full of yourself, you do things you regret,” Swoboda said. “Gil sometimes made me feel he was rubbing our noses in his authority, but that was me, that was my fault.“I remember one time early in 1969 he held a meeting and he said, ‘You guys are professionals, you set your own curfew,’ and somebody suggested two and a half hours after the game, and Gil said it was too long, and I popped up, ‘Gil, why don’t you just tell us?’ I would do my thing like that. Why didn’t I just shut up?”One player who was definitely in tune with Hodges was the third-year pitcher Tom Seaver. On May 21, 1969, Seaver beat the Braves in Atlanta to bring the Mets to an 18-18 record — the latest in their first eight seasons that they had been even.“Tom, Tom,” babbled one of the regular reporters (not me, but it easily could have been). “You’re a .500 ball club. Aren’t you going to celebrate?”Seaver, who could be garrulous when he wanted to be, gave us the Hodges stare.“What’s so good about .500?” Seaver snapped. “That’s only mediocre. We didn’t come into the season to play .500 ball. I’m tired of the jokes about the old Mets.”And he wasn’t done. Seaver then invoked two fan-and-writer favorites from the first few years of the Mets.“Let Rod Kanehl and Marvelous Marv laugh about the Mets. We’re out here to win. You know when we’ll have Champagne? When we win the pennant.”Seaver and Hodges seemed to have similar drill instructors in the Marines. Hodges was changing the work habits of the team, backed up by having talented young players at his command. Nobody was exempt from protocol. One day he trudged slowly out to left field and inquired about the health of Cleon Jones, his best hitter, who had pursued a ball a little too slowly for Hodges’s taste. The manager then escorted Jones to the dugout, and fans and writers wondered if he might have lost Jones. Instead, Jones played well down the stretch.Those of us who were around in 1962 — The Year of Marvelous Marv — never thought the Mets, even with those young arms, could ever win anything. But they did win the pennant, and they did spray Champagne.Just before the World Series, Seaver was asked about the national antiwar protest planned for Oct. 15. He was quoted as asking, “What is so unpatriotic about being against such a terrible war?” He touched off some debates, and stopped commenting on the war, but he had made his point.The Mets won the World Series in five games, and they sprayed everybody all over again — Seaver being one of the chief celebrants.In that stunning autumn, we did not think of Seaver and Hodges as ex-Marines, but now it seems that some of their discipline was part of those Amazing Mets.George Vecsey wrote about the Mets in the 1960s for Newsday and The New York Times.Advertisement