AdvertisementSupported byThe PartyFirst, pandemonium on the field. Then, a parade on Broadway.By The New York TimesThis article was originally published in The New York Times on Oct. 17, 1969.By George VecseyThey came over the barricades like extras in a pirate movie, all hot-eyed and eager to plunder. Their hands were empty and their hearts were full and they were champions of the world — fan division.For half an hour they sacked Shea Stadium yesterday afternoon and when they were done, great gaps of dirt appeared in the grass and there were craters where the fans had clawed at home plate and the pitching mounds.The ground crew stared at the wreckage and promised that the field would be ready — somehow — for the first home game for the Jets, next Monday night.It will take four days of hard work to repair the damage of half an hour, but nobody can say it was not fun. The fans did have one eye on the television cameras, and they had obviously rehearsed in two previous clinching victories in Shea. But when the Mets rallied in those last glorious innings, the younger fans got the spirit all over again.It is a cliché about the World Series that the true fans do not have the pull or the money to obtain tickets to a game. Yet the wild-eyed fans who poured on the field yesterday certainly seemed like the same inspired madmen who discovered the Mets at the Polo Grounds in 1962 and transferred out to Shea in 1964.In the front rows, the Somewhat Important People cowered in their seats as the younger fans jostled past them. One elderly man deliberately tripped a youngster who was climbing through his section.Once on the field, the young fans dived into the turf, clawing it out with fingernails, prying it out with pens. Some threw the clods of dirt in the air to fall on other heads and shoulders. But others neatly tucked a clod under their arms and marched away.“This is a historic moment,” said Jack Ginsberg of Middle Village, Queens. “I’m a fan since 1930 and I’m going to save this. You never know what might happen next year. They might turn into schlumps again.”Not all the Champagne was in the Met clubhouse. Scott Barry, 16½ years old, drained the last bubbles from his six ounces of Veuve Clicquot Ponsardin (Reims) and waved the bottle in the air.“Ever since I was a little kid,” he shouted, “back at the Polo Grounds, I’ve waited for this moment. Now I don’t know what to say.”Most of the young fans pranced up and down, holding their forefingers in the air, chanting “One-One-One,” like some mystical incantation.Children of the communications age, they also sought out photographers and interviewers.“Tell your paper we’re No. 1,” a young fan shouted.“Aw, he already knows that,” his friend said.Out in center field, a banner on the flagpole said: “Cortland State loves Nancy Seaver (and Slider),” referring to Tom Seaver’s wife and dog.A young man climbed the eight-foot green outfield fence and his friends handed him a silver dish containing a mottled rubber ball.“What ball is named Jeffrey T. Spaulding?” said Sue Van Antwerpen, from Westport, Conn.“Jeffrey used to be better-looking, but he got bitten by a surly black hound dog named Sam who resides at 8 Bermuda Road,” said Richard Harrison.The young man on the fence raised the silver dish in the air. The sun glimmered on Jeffrey T. Spaulding. The worshipers bowed reverently. One could almost smell the incense.After 15 minutes of unrestrained joy, the crowd was finally herded out through the center-field gate, where special policemen reclaimed most of the swivel chairs taken from the temporary box seats. The graffiti became noticeable on the outfield walls. (“Roz loves Shamsky”). The grass was obviously a war zone. And the ground crew began to survey the damage.“What can you do?” said John McCarthy, the head groundskeeper, with a sigh. “I wish they could have kept them off, but all I can say is that we’ve got the men and we’ll get the job done by Monday.”Meanwhile, the stadium’s hard-working nurse, Mrs. Ruth Harden, tallied up 24 blue injury-report sheets. “Not many fractures,” she said. “Actually, most of the injuries were to our employees today.”A police lieutenant, William Hahl, said the only arrests made were “three warrants for wanted persons.” He said the fans on the field were not arrested, because the police didn’t try to prevent them from doing so. “After a while they got tired of tearing everything up, so they just went home,” he said.And by 6 o’clock, McCarthy’s ground crew was beginning to take down the outfield walls that the fans, in their haste, had somehow left behind.Advertisement