AdvertisementSupported byThe World SeriesWith stunning catches and stealthy base-running, they manage to clinch a world championship.By The New York TimesMemorial Stadium, Baltimore | Saturday, Oct. 11, 1969 First pitch: Bowie Kuhn, baseball commissioner National anthem: Joseph Eubanks, opera singerLeonard Koppett covered the World Series for The New York Times. Following are excerpts from his articles about the first four games.BALTIMORE, Oct. 11 — The euphoric suspicion that the New York Mets might never lose another game was dispelled conclusively today as the Baltimore Orioles defeated them, 4-1, in the opening game of the World Series.Mike Cuellar, the 32-year-old left-handed Cuban, pitched a strong six-hitter, striking out eight men. Tom Seaver, the most glamorous Met, also gave up six hits, but one was a leadoff home run by Don Buford in the first inning and four more hits came with two out in the fourth, when the Orioles scored their three other runs.So Seaver, who left after five innings, suffered his first defeat since early August after 11 consecutive victories. And the Mets, for the first time in three weeks, lost a game that counted.The Orioles, however, were not concerned with Met statistics. Having run away with the American League’s Eastern Division title (by 19 games) and polished off Minnesota in three straight in the championship series, they extended some streaks of their own by taking a 1-0 lead in the four-of-seven Series.The only other time a Baltimore team had played in the Series was in 1966, when the Orioles swept the Los Angeles Dodgers, winning the last two games by 1-0 scores here in Memorial Stadium.Thus, when the Mets finally scored on a sacrifice fly by Al Weis in the seventh inning, the run ended a string of 39 consecutive scoreless innings posted by Baltimore pitchers in Series competition. The Orioles also stand at this moment as the only team that has won every Series game it has played.The Mets could have had that distinction had they won today, but the only real threat they mounted against Cuellar came too late because Seaver did not approach the form that had brought him 25 victories during the regular National League season.In his last start, against Atlanta in the opening game of the pennant playoff there, he was also hit hard, but he emerged as the winning pitcher. This time, he didn’t get away with it.Memorial Stadium, Baltimore | Sunday, Oct. 12, 1969 First pitch: Clara Merritt-Ruth, second wife of Babe Ruth National anthem: York Suburban High School bandBALTIMORE, Oct. 12 — Amid the sort of ninth-inning melodrama that makes baseball legends, the New York Mets evened the World Series at one game apiece today by beating the Baltimore Orioles, 2-1.Three straight singles with two out, by Ed Charles, Jerry Grote and Al Weis, gave the Mets the go-ahead run in the top half of the ninth inning. Then Jerry Koosman, who had held Baltimore hitless for six innings before yielding the tying run in the seventh, needed Ron Taylor’s help to nail down the final out with the potential tying and winning runs on base.For the Mets and their followers, the entire final inning was a moment of truth.If they lost this game, especially after Koosman’s fine two-hit effort, their position would approach hopelessness.Dave McNally had been tagged for a home run by Donn Clendenon in the fourth. The Orioles then made it 1-1.Now, with two outs in the top of the ninth, Charles, the 36-year-old third baseman to whom this World Series is an unexpected and immeasurable experience, bounced a single through the left side, his second hit in a row.Grote also singled on a hit-and-run play and Charles reached third. Then Weis, the unappreciated infielder, lined McNally’s first pitch to left for a single, scoring Charles.Now it was up to Koosman, who needed three more outs. He retired Don Buford and Paul Blair but that brought up Frank Robinson, as feared a batter as baseball can provide.Robinson walked. So did huge Boog Powell. Out of the dugout came Manager Gil Hodges, out of the game came Koosman, and out of the bullpen came Taylor to face Brooks Robinson.On a full count, Robinson then swung and hit a sharp grounder to Charles, wide of third. Charles started to run the few steps to third base for a forceout, saw he didn’t have a play, and threw to first. Clendenon dug up the low throw and Robinson was out.The Series was even at a game apiece.Shea Stadium, Queens | Tuesday, Oct. 14, 1969 First pitch: Roy Campanella, Hall of Fame catcher National anthem: Steve Lawrence, actor/singerThe victory scene in the New York Met dressing room, once a subject for jokes or dreams, is becoming routine pandemonium. The players are getting used to it and more polished in handling the invading army of interviewers.However, Tommie Agee, the superhero of Game 3 of the World Series, wasn’t in the dressing room. He was off in a special conference room, where superheroes are subjected to mass questioning, and later was on television. He did come in for a while to stand on a table and answer more massed questions and then went out again. An hour and a half after the game was over he was still in his uniform, finally seated before his locker in an emptying room, answering questions again.Most dealt with the two great catches, the one that ended the fourth inning with two men racing for home plate and the one that ended the seventh with three base runners and the batter, Paul Blair, all intent on scoring (Elrod Hendricks had hit the first one).“I was shading him a little bit toward right field,” said Agee of Hendricks, who bats left-handed. Hendricks hit a high drive toward the left-center-field fence, and Agee and Cleon Jones convened on it. “I saw the ball well because the sky was cloudy, not bright, but I wasn’t sure I could reach it. I figure, if I can touch a ball I can hold it.”He held it, in the webbing between the thumb and body of the glove, with which he had reached across his body.“I knew it would be tough because it was away from my glove side,” he said.Blair’s ball, Agee felt, was less difficult.“It’s an easier play because it was on my glove side,” he said, “and I didn’t have as far to go, but the wind kept taking it away and I had to dive.”Most observers, however, voted for the second catch as more remarkable — among them, Manager Gil Hodges.“They were both great, but the second one was the greatest,” said Hodges, who has seen a lot of World Series in the past 22 years as a player or spectator. He was pressed to issue a rating.“I’d have to say the second one was No. 1 of any World Series catch I’ve seen,” he replied.Shea Stadium, Queens | Wednesday, Oct. 15, 1969 First pitch: Casey Stengel, Hall of Fame manager National anthem: Gordon MacRae, actor/singerFollowing is an excerpt from an article published Oct. 16, 1969.Neither the umpires nor the Baltimore Orioles noted that the New York Mets scored the winning run in Game 4 of the World Series on an illegal play.The run scored because the throw by Orioles pitcher Pete Richert to first, on J. C. Martin’s bunt in the bottom of the 10th, was deflected by Martin’s left wrist a few strides before he reached the base. The ball bounced away from second baseman Dave Johnson, who was waiting for the throw, and only after that did pinch-runner Rod Gaspar, who had gone from second to third, continue home with the run that ended the game.But Martin, running to first base, was not in the lane that exists specifically to prevent this sort of interference with a throw. Pictures show that he ran on the left side of the foul line instead of the right side, where he is supposed to run when there is a possibility of a throw being made to first base from behind him.There is a special marking for this lane: a white line, three feet to the foul side and parallel to the foul line, extending the last 45 feet of the distance between home plate and first base.No umpire called this infraction, for which Martin should have been declared out — and no Baltimore player or coach protested the oversight.If Martin had been called out, the game would have continued with one out, Gaspar on third, Al Weis on second and Tommie Agee coming to bat, with Bud Harrelson due to bat.The 3-foot lane has been the source of controversy in several American League games during the last two years. On 99 plays out of a hundred, the lane doesn’t matter, since it takes effect only if there is a throw from behind the runner. Which is what happened in Game 4.Unlike photographs of some controversial plays, pictures of this play leave no room for ambiguity. Martin had both feet on the wrong side of the foul line. The throw hit his left wrist. It could not have done that if he had been in the proper lane.The home-plate umpire in Game 4 was a National Leaguer, Shag Crawford, but the play could also have been called by the first-base umpire, Lou DiMuro, of the American League.A complete game from Koosman and complete lunacy in New York as the Mets dot the ‘i’ in impossible.Shea Stadium, Queens | Thursday, Oct. 16, 1969 First pitch: Joe DiMaggio, Hall of Fame outfielder National anthem: Pearl Bailey, actress/singerThis article was originally published in The Times on Oct. 17, 1969.By Leonard Koppett“We did it all.”Ron Swoboda said it, and in saying it, he said it all. The New York Mets had their biggest, their longest, their noisiest, their sweetest and their third victory celebration in 22 days at Shea Stadium yesterday.On Wednesday night, Sept. 24, they clinched first place in the National League East. Champagne splashed like bath water, and everyone got splashed by it.On Monday afternoon, Oct. 6, they completed a three-game sweep of Atlanta in the first “championship series” to determine the National League pennant winner. The activity was similar, but the intensity was less, and the World Series loomed ahead.And now, on a mid-October Thursday a good two weeks before Halloween, the Mets had won the World Series and this was positively the last — and wildest — champagne shower.“This is the summit,” cried Ed Charles, 36 years old and, until a couple of months ago, beyond hoping for this particular thrill. “We’re No. 1 in the world and you just can’t get any bigger than this.”“Some people still might not believe in us,” said Cleon Jones, “but then, some people still think the world is flat.”“It boiled down to this,” declared Bud Harrelson. “When it had to be done, we did it and they didn’t.”The tumult was augmented by the crowded condition of an otherwise ample dressing room. This time, the crush of interviewers, cameramen and others carrying various equipment was as dense as the subway at peak rush hour, far denser than for the other two celebrations. No one could move a full step in any direction without pushing someone else aside.That was the main dressing room. But the office of the manager, which is to the left of the entrance door (while the corridor leading into the rest of the clubhouse leads off to the right) was an oasis of order.Manager Gil Hodges at first was in the mob outside. The first one into the empty office was Gil Jr., the C.W. Post College student, who hastily climbed out of his civilian clothes and into his Met uniform for the sweaty hour to follow.Then came his mother, and the older two of his three sisters.“We’re champions,” cried out Joan Hodges, who has lived through her husband’s baseball triumphs and setbacks with such fervor all these years. “Imagine, we did it!”A moment later, the head of the family entered, and Joan hugged him and squealed:“You know what we are? You know? Champions. We’re champions of the world.”Hodges hugged her back, and his daughters. And they kissed him, and he grinned, and Gil Jr. put his arms around them from behind while the Mets photographer snapped a family portrait.And then the stream of interviewers began to trickle in, filling the office with bodies but not with any of the hysteria outside. Hodges, as he has always been, was calm, speaking softly but distinctly, mopping his face, listening attentively, answering carefully, smiling quickly — working, in a way, harder than during the game.Mrs. Joan Payson, the team’s owner, arrived, too.“Oh my, oh my,” she kept repeating. “Oh my.” Donald Grant, the chairman of the board, was there, and then Johnny Murphy, who actually ran the club as general manager, and Georgie Weiss who had started it, and other members of the Mets family.“Yes, it’s the same and it’s different,” said Hodges, trying to answer questions about how this victory felt alongside other World Series triumphs he experienced with the Dodgers, in 1955 and 1959. “As a player, and as a manager, it’s different — it’s hard to explain. In a way this means more. I’m so proud of them all.”Did he think Donn Clendenon was the most valuable player, worthy of the car given for that distinction?“That’s not my job,” said Gil. “I think of all 25 of them — and four coaches. Let’s see, that’s 29.”“And the manager,” someone suggested.“No, no, not the manager,” demurred Hodges.“The manager already has a car,” a voice interrupted, and everyone laughed, including Hodges.Later it became celebrity time — Pearl Bailey, who kissed Hodges, called him a “cool cat,” and wound up dancing in the main room with Charles while a record player blared the singalong record the Met squad had made two weeks ago; Robert Merrill, the opera star, who sat with the Met party all three days at Shea and was still shaking. Bill Shea, who set the whole thing in motion and for whom the stadium is named, saying “in my lifetime — they did it in my lifetime!”After an hour or more, Joan Hodges was casting anxious glances at her husband — who, after all, had suffered a heart attack only 13 months before and whose marvelous discipline and recovery can’t eliminate worry. Only two days ago, however, a doctor’s examination had shown Gil in fine shape.But sporadic yelling and singing were still going on in the clubhouse, the floor slippery, the room less crowded, but few players dressed. In another hour or two, they would go upstairs to the Diamond Club for a real party, with their wives and the whole Met official family.“It’s the first one,” Swoboda had shouted at the beginning, “and the sweetest, and because it’s the first, nothing can ever be that sweet again.”In other words, all they have to look forward to is repetition.The Final Out: The announcer Curt Gowdy on NBC: “There’s a fly ball out to left. Waiting is Jones … the Mets are the world champions! Jerry Koosman is being mobbed! Look at this scene!”In both years, the World Series lasted five games, but the similarities pretty much ended there. Daytime games then, nighttime now. Complete games then, an army of relievers now. And so on. However, each Series did have a first baseman who excelled and did so with virtually the same statistics. What was very different was the vehicle they drove away with as the Series M.V.P.196920181322PITCHERS USED947PITCHING CHANGES40COMPLETE GAMES63109STRIKEOUTS3038WALKSShoe PolishInstant ReplayUMPIRE ASSIST19692018DAY GAMESILLUSTRATIONS BY JOE PETRUCCIOHow Long the Games Took1234519692:132:202:232:33†2:14TIME OF GAMESTART1:00 P.M.1:00 P.M.1:00 P.M.1:00 P.M.1:00 P.M.FINISH3:13 P.M.3:20 P.M.3:23 P.M.3:33 P.M.3:14 P.M.20183:523:127:20*3:573:00TIME OF GAMESTART8:09 P.M.8:09 P.M.8:09 P.M.8:09 P.M.8:15 P.M.FINISH12:01 A.M.11:21 P.M.3:29 A.M.12:06 A.M.11:15 P.M.* 18 innings† 10 inningsComparing the M.V.P.s1969 Mets2018 Red SoxDonn ClendenonSteve PearceFirst BaseFirst BasePOSITI0N PLAYEDMideseason TradeMideseason TradeACQUIRED VIAMontreal ExposToronto Blue Jays CANADIAN TEAM TRADED FROM33WORLD SERIES HOME RUNS1616WORLD SERIES PLATE APPEARANCES1514TOTAL BASESDodge ChallengerChevrolet SilveradoMOST VALUABLE PLAYER PRIZEILLUSTRATIONS BYJOE PETRUCCIO196920181322PITCHERS USED947PITCHING CHANGES40COMPLETE GAMES63109STRIKEOUTS3038WALKSShoe PolishInstant ReplayUMPIRE ASSIST50DAY GAMESHow Long the Games Took123451969TIME OF GAME2:132:202:232:33†2:14START1:00 P.M.1:00 P.M.1:00 P.M.1:00 P.M.1:00 P.M.FINISH3:13 P.M.3:20 P.M.3:23 P.M.3:33 P.M.3:14 P.M.2018TIME OF GAME3:523:127:20*3:573:00START8:09 P.M.8:09 P.M.8:09 P.M.8:09 P.M.8:15 P.M.FINISH12:01 A.M.11:21 P.M.3:29 A.M.12:06 A.M.11:15 P.M.* 18 innings† 10 inningsComparing the M.V.P.s1969 Mets2018 Red SoxDonn ClendenonSteve PearceFirst BaseFirst BasePOSITI0N PLAYEDMideseason TradeMideseason TradeACQUIRED VIAMontreal ExposToronto Blue JaysCANADIAN TEAM TRADED FROM33WORLD SERIES HOME RUNS1616WORLD SERIES PLATE APPEARANCES1514TOTAL BASESDodge ChallengerChevrolet SilveradoMOST VALUABLEPLAYER PRIZEILLUSTRATIONS BYJOE PETRUCCIO196920181322PITCHERS USED947PITCHING CHANGES40COMPLETE GAMES63109STRIKEOUTS3038WALKSShoe PolishInstant ReplayUMPIRE ASSIST50DAY GAMESHow Long the Games Took196920182:133:52TIME OF GAME11:00 p.m.8:09 p.m.STARTED2:203:1221:00 p.m.8:09 p.m.2:237:20*31:00 p.m.8:09 p.m.2:33†3:5741:00 p.m.8:09 p.m.2:143:0051:00 p.m.8:15 p.m.* 18 innings† 10 inningsComparing the M.V.P.s1969 MetsDonn Clendenon2018 Red SoxSteve PearceFirst BaseFirst BasePOSITI0N ACQUIRED VIAMideseason TradeMideseason TradeCANADIAN TEAM TRADED FROMMontreal ExposToronto Blue Jays33WORLD SERIES HOME RUNS1616W. S. PLATE APPEARANCES1514TOTAL BASESMOST VALUABLEPLAYER PRIZEDodge ChallengerChevrolet SilveradoAdvertisement