AdvertisementSupported byBy The Associated PressDENVER — Cody Bellinger homered again, Max Muncy also went deep and the homer-happy Los Angeles Dodgers outslugged the Colorado Rockies 12-6 on Sunday night.Bellinger had three hits, including his major league-leading seventh home run, and has hit safely in 11 straight games dating to last year. The Dodgers have 24 homers and have connected in all 10 games. They scored 29 runs and swept a series at Coors Field for the second consecutive season.Joe Kelly (1-1) pitched 1 2/3 innings in relief to get the win as "Sunday Night Baseball" on ESPN made its first appearance at Coors Field since 2001 with a game that lasted 3 hours, 52 minutes.Colorado has lost seven of eight since starting the season with two wins. Nolan Arenado had three hits and three RBIs and Charlie Blackmon added two hits for the Rockies but committed a pair of embarrassing errors in right field.Los Angeles scored two runs in the second and four in the third off Chad Bettis (0-2) and led 9-3 when Muncy hit a two-run homer in the sixth.Bellinger capped a big weekend with a line drive to the second deck in right field. His seven home runs are more than seven teams have hit this season — including the Rockies.TRAINER'S ROOMDodgers: LHP Clayton Kershaw (shoulder inflammation) will likely make his second rehab start Tuesday with Triple-A Oklahoma City or Double-A Tulsa. ... Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said LHP Tony Cingrani (left shoulder impingement) stretched his throwing to 120 feet.Rockies: OF David Dahl left in the third inning. Manager Bud Black told the ESPN broadcast Dahl felt something in his abdomen below his oblique. ... LHP Tyler Anderson (left knee inflammation) was placed on the 10-day injured list. The team recalled RHP Yency Almonte from Triple-A Albuquerque. Anderson (0-2, 9.00 ERA) struggled in his two starts.FAN INTERFERENCEWith Bellinger at the plate and one out in the sixth the game was interrupted by a fan who climbed over the railing in left-center and ran onto the field. He made it to the infield by second base before falling. He was apprehended and walked off the field.NEW MATHDodgers second baseman Enrique Hernandez took a toss from shortstop Corey Seager for a force at second and started jogging off the field. Problem was, there were only two outs. Hernandez's mental error allowed Arenado to score from third and kept the inning alive.WELCOME BACKThe Dodgers recalled right-hander Dennis Santana from Triple-A Oklahoma City and optioned righty Brock Stewart to their top farm team. Santana, who made his only major league appearance at Coors Field last season, was one of the last players left off the roster coming out of spring training. He entered with one out in the seventh and hit Mark Reynolds with his first pitch of the night.UP NEXTDodgers: LHP Hyun-Jin Ryu (2-0, 2.08 ERA) opens a series in St. Louis on Monday night. He is 1-2 with a 2.25 ERA in five games (four starts) against the Cardinals.Rockies: LHP Kyle Freeland (1-1, 2.31) makes his third start when Colorado begins a three-game home series against Atlanta on Monday night.___Advertisement