AdvertisementSupported byBy The Associated PressCHICAGO — Blake Snell struck out 11 over six innings in another strong outing, and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Chicago White Sox 5-1 on Monday.The Rays improved to 8-3 and kept pace with their best start since 2010.Snell (2-1) gave up one run and six hits and did not walk a batter in winning his second straight start. Since a season-opening loss to Houston, the reigning AL Cy Young Award winner has held Colorado and Chicago to one run and one walk while striking out 24 over 13 innings.Avisail Garcia had two hits, including an RBI single in the second that made it 4-0. He also struck out three times against his former team.Tommy Pham scored two runs and extended his club-record on-base streak to 43 games.Willy Adames had three hits and two runs, and Guillermo Heredia and Austin Meadows drew bases-loaded walks. Hunter Wood, recalled from Triple-A Durham, threw three scoreless for his first big league save.Chicago's Carlos Rodon (1-2) gave up four runs and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings. The left-hander walked five and threw a wild pitch to go with nine strikeouts.Jose Rondon homered against Snell. Carson Fulmer worked three solid innings in relief after being recalled from Triple-A Charlotte, but the White Sox fell to 3-6.Rodon threw 65 pitches in the first two innings and walked four as Tampa Bay grabbed a 4-0 lead.Heredia drew a bases-loaded walk and Ji-Man Choi added a sacrifice fly in the first. Brandon Lowe ended that rally by striking out with the bases loaded when he tried to check his swing on a low 3-2 pitch that looked like ball four.The Rays scored two more in the second on an RBI bunt single by Daniel Robertson and base hit to center by Avisail Garcia.Rondon hit a solo homer in the fifth. The White Sox had two runners on in the sixth after Leury Garcia doubled and Tim Anderson singled off the pitcher's glove. But Snell struck out the next three batters.ROSTER MOVESRays: Tampa Bay optioned INF Christian Arroyo to Triple-A.TRAINER'S ROOMRays: RHP Jose De Leon (Tommy John surgery) and RHP Brent Honeywell (elbow) each threw about 10 to 15 pitches in simulated games on Monday, manager Kevin Cash said. "Now, that will start them getting back to their rehab process," Cash said. "There's a two-month calendar on my desk right now that I haven't quite looked at their timeline."White Sox:UP NEXTHouston RHP Charlie Morton (1-0, 1.64 ERA) starts Tuesday. He tossed six scoreless innings against Colorado on Wednesday in a game Tampa Bay lost 1-0 in the 11th. Chicago has not announced a starter.___Advertisement