AdvertisementSupported byBy Jay SchreiberOn July 20, 1969, men walked on the moon in what became the centerpiece of one of the more indelible years in American history.That same day, 50 years ago, the New York Mets split a doubleheader with the Montreal Expos. You could say, so what? But the Mets, until then a baseball punch line, had suddenly become a team to reckon with in the eighth year of their existence. The two games against the Expos gave them a 53-39 record, which meant they were a big, fat 14 games over .500. Considering everything that had come before for the Mets — the initial buffoonery, the occasional lunacy, the lopsided losing records — it seemed that they, too, were now defying gravity.A month later, on the same weekend as the Woodstock music festival, the Mets really took flight. They swept four games from the San Diego Padres and began a surge that carried them into first place in September and all the way to the World Series in October — which they proceeded to win, in five games, against the heavily favored Baltimore Orioles.When it was over, after the Mets had been drenched in ticker tape in a parade up Broadway — a feat that had been unimaginable when the season started — it took a while for people to regain their senses.Just how had this happened? Yes, the Mets had excellent pitching, solid defense at key positions and some very good young players, but their lineup was hardly overwhelming. And yet, that didn’t matter in the regular season, when the Mets won a whopping 100 games and, in the process, beat out a Chicago Cubs team that played three future Hall of Famers every day.Nor did it matter in the National League Championship Series, when the Mets swept an Atlanta Braves club led by Henry Aaron, one of the best players in the sport’s history. Or in the World Series, when the Mets went up against a mighty Orioles team anchored by the two Robinsons, Frank and Brooks. The Orioles, winners of 109 games in the regular season, seemed unbeatable until the Mets quickly proved otherwise.Making this all the more remarkable is that the 1969 Mets did not represent the beginning of a dynasty. In the seasons that followed, the Mets won considerably fewer games and while they did make it back to the World Series in 1973, they did so almost by accident, having finished the regular season with a thoroughly mediocre 82-79 record.But none of that diminishes what occurred in 1969. Here was a group of players who stumbled all over the place in 1962, with fans who embraced them almost in defiance. A team that slowly improved in the years that followed, but only slowly. And yet a team that proceeded to figure it all out for one intensely memorable season.It is not easy to explain, but 50 years later, it is worth revisiting. Time has taken its toll on this team; a half-dozen players who had significant roles have died, and others, including Tom Seaver, are now struggling with serious health issues. But what endures through all the bittersweetness is what they accomplished together. From the depths of the standings they soared right into space.NEXT UP: 1962: The Bumbling BeginningGeorge Vecsey wrote about the Mets in the 1960s for Newsday and The New York Times. Robert Lipsyte covered the Mets in the 1960s for The New York Times, both as a beat writer and a columnist. The archival material in this section is drawn from articles by a number of Times writers: Leonard Koppett, Joseph Durso, Louis Effrat, Gerald Eskenazi, Robert Lipsyte, Joseph Lelyveld, Robert Teague, George Vecsey and Gordon S. White. Additional material in this section was written by Jay Schreiber. Research was provided by Fred Bierman, Elena Gustines, Wayne Kamidoi, Dolores Morrison and Joe Ward.Advertisement